Dear Students, this is the project of Week 8 and Week 9. Below are the complete details of this Project.
So start working on this and you have to submit this project as Mandatory Assignment of Week 9.


Instructions -
1. Project work should be your own work, so any duplicacy in code/files will not be taken for evaluation
2. As part of this project the numbering of Question is very important. So while answering any question mention
   the Q. No.
3. Create a single code file in Jupyter Notebook (.ipynb) format
4. For answering any Descriptive Question, use the Markdown cell in Jupyter Notebook
5. Submit the project in a single zip file containing all your files/folders/data etc

As part of our second project we are going to work on Visualizations. Our task is to analyze the data, clean it,
modify it as and when required and represent it in the form of graphs, charts, plots, which are more appealing to
users.

For this project we will be exploring data from Developers’ Survey done by stackoverflow.com every year. This data is
huge consisting of around 1 lac developers’ world-wide and on multiple factors.

As part of this DataSet there are two files -
>>>>survey_results_schema.csv – It contains list of all the columns and their description
>>>>survey_results_public.csv – It contains the Survey data corresponding to different columns

Note – As Dataset is very big so use files carefully and as and when required slice and dice the data for easy handling.


Task 1 -

A) Import all the required Libraries
B) Access the Dataset as pandas Dataframes,
        df_schema – contains the data from the schema file
        df_survey – contains the data for the survey

C) Explore the df_schema to see what are different columns available and see their description.
   Write 10 different columns which you find interesting in order to analyze the Developers’ Survey Data and support
   your answer by telling how these column can be used. Your explanation can be in descriptive form or you can take a
   step ahead and think in terms of Visuals or even some Model.
   (To answer this question, you can take separate column as well as combine multiple columns in order to make some
   understanding. Idea is to think how this data can be used to get some interesting facts about Developers)

   Note – Columns might contain long data, use the below command in order to set max column width for display:
          >>>>pd.options.display.max_colwidth = 300 (setting column width to 300 chars)

D) Find out how many users took the survey and how many parameters have been stored corresponding to each user?
   (Data for each user is stored in a separate row) (Hint - Check the number of rows and no. of columns.)

E) Analyze the df_survey dataframe and see what kind of Data is available, its type, and its values for different users

   Analyze 10 different columns from the Dataframe and write their Data Types, different values, most frequent values,
   min, max, average and explain how you can use it in your analysis (keeping the Data Type and values in mind)
   (Hint - In order to make any analysis the type of Data available is also taken into consideration and based on that
    we choose what type of analysis is possible.)



Task 2 – Distribution along a Single Column
In this section, we will be taking ConvertedSalary column.

A) What is the data type of ConvertedSalary column? Does it contain categoric or numeric data?
B) What does ConvertedSalary column store?

Now as you know what this column store and its Data Type, next step is to check whether this column contains any
null values

C) Write code to Verify whether the ConvertedSalary column contains any null value or not
D) Based on the output of part (C), remove the rows containing Null values in a separate Dataframe called df_sal_NonNa
E) Use seaborn library to plot histogram for non-null values of ConvertedSalary column.
   Use different values of bins and see which gives better representation of results

Plot histogram for df_sal_NonNa having bin size as 30 and 500.Describe the results plotted in the Histogram

F) Create a new Dataframe variable called df_sal_low, to store non-null ConvertedSalary whose value is less than or
   equal to 250000. Plot histogram for df_sal_low. Describe the results plotted in the Histogram.

G) Plot Salary distribution for both df_sal_NonNa and df_sal_low using a KDE Plot. Describe the results of the KDE plot.


Task 3 - Distribution with Multiple Columns
Geography is very important parameter to analyze distribution along a parameter, for example, we can analyze how salary
is distributed world-wide.

A) For this task we will plot stripplot and see the distribution of Salary and countries. Plot stripplot keeping
   ConvertedSalary on the Y-axis and developers' countries on the X-axis. Use df_sal_NonNa.

   What did you see? Which country has the highest Salary and which falls in the lowest salary segment?

B) The plot in section A is not very clear in order to make predictions. So we need to select some countries.
   Lets take the top 5 countries from where the users’ belong to see their salary distribution.
   Again plot the stripplot using convertedsalary for the top 5 countries.

   Which are the countries from where most developers who took the survey belong?

   Based on stripplot describe the distribution of Salary among these countries like which country has developers in
   highest range, which is in lowest range, which country it is distributed evenly.

   (Hint – You can use the value_count() function on the Dataframe with Country column and then sort based on
    counts(reset_index() may be useful) and then take the top 5 values)

C) Plot the swarmplot for the top 5 countries based on no. of developers for the Salary.(refer above section B for
   Data)
   Compare the result of swarmplot with the result of stripplot (in section B). What is the benefit of one over the
   other.


Task 4 – Impact of Education on Salary
For this we will use df_sal_NonNa dataframe and FormalEducation and ConvertedSalary columns

A) See how Formal Education is related to Salary by displaying in the form of swarmplot

    Describe the result of swarmplot for FormalEducation and ConvertedSalary columns. Formal Education of the developers
    who fetches salary in highest range, which is in in lowest range, Salary distribution of which education is
    distributed evenly.
    (Hint – For testing purposes, you can perform swarmplot on smaller dataset by using sample() function)
    (Hint – If values on axis are overlapping, use list’s slice method for str as df[‘col’].str[:length])

B)  Next add Employment as third or the hue parameter to see how Formal Education is scattered in terms of
    Employment Type
    Describe the result.
    What is the impact of adding hue on the swarmplot?


Task 5 – Boxplot
Lets now create a boxplot using 'Formal Education and 'Converted Salary'
What could you make out from the Boxplot? describe it in your words.


Task 6 – Pie Chart
A)  Create a Pie chart to display the distribution of developers based on their Formal Education
    Display their percentages on the Pie-Chart
    The respective Formal Education should be displayed outside the circle
    The title of the graph should be ‘Classification of Developers by their Formal Education’

B)  Create the same Piechart as in Section A) with the following changes
    Explode the three segments with lowest values
    Pass in a custom set of colors for different segments
