In the last 30 days, Sony-owned PlayStation edged its lead with a third of all industry TV ad impressions, while Nintendo extended its market share at second place, Xbox fell from third to fourth, and chart newcomer Riot Games joined at No. 5.
GamesBeat has partnered with iSpot.tv, the real-time TV ad measurement company with attention and conversion analytics from more than eight million smart TVs, to bring you a monthly report on TV advertising by the gaming industry. These are the ads, and by extension the games, that game makers are putting major muscle behind.
Below are the top five most-seen gaming industry TV advertisers from October 16 through November 15.
Overall TV ad impressions increased again for the gaming industry, up by over a billion impressions to nearly 4.5 billion from the previous period’s 3.2 billion, with 29 brands spending an estimated $78 million on 98 commercials that ran over 18,900 times.
PlayStation maintained its first place spot again with almost 1.5 billion impressions from 13 commercials that aired over 3,200 times. The Red Dead Redemption 2 spot “Nothing Means More” earned the most impressions with 694 million. Top impressions for PlayStation came from sports-related programming including the NFL, NBA, and college football, with top networks including ESPN, Fox, and NBC.
Nintendo came in second with 755 million impressions from 18 commercials that aired over 4,800 times. With 198 million impressions, “Pokémon: Let’s Go, Pikachu! and Pokémon: Let’s Go, Eevee,” was the brand’s most-seen spot. Nintendo’s TV ads were seen by younger audiences with top impressions coming from programming such as 
, 
, and 
, while networks Nick, Disney Channel, and Adult Swim earned the most impressions.
King, new to the top five from last month, took third place with 499.4 million impressions. It aired just two spots nearly 2,600 times, with the majority of impressions (482.5 million) coming from the Candy Crush Friends Saga spot “Sweeter Than Ever.” King received the most impressions across programming including 
, 
, and 
, while the top networks were Hallmark, CBS, and Investigation Discovery.
Xbox fell to the fourth spot this time with 404.2 million TV ad impressions from five ads that ran over 1,500 times. The Fallout 76 spot “Wouldn’t It Be Nice” featuring song by The Beach Boys was King’s most-seen commercial, earning over 318.3 million impressions. Top networks for Xbox were ESPN, NBC, and Fox, some of the programs generating the most impressions included the NFL, NBA, and college football.
Riot Games joined the top five with 246.1 million impressions. It aired six spots over 700 times, with League of Legends commercial “Gordon Hayward: Never Surrender” featuring song by Kensue Ushio leading with 93.4 million impressions. Riot Games received high impressions on programming that included the NBA, 
, and 
, while the top networks were ESPN, Adult Swim, and TNT.
For the most part, Gear VR and Oculus Go share almost the exact same content library, but there’s one glaring omission on Go’s side: Minecraft. Mojang’s smash hit game hasn’t shown up on Oculus’ standalone headset since the hardware launched earlier this year, and we’ve long wondered if it would ever arrive.
Well, Mojang says you need to let them know.
A verified Minecraft developer going by the name of 
 has been encouraging VR fans to tell Mojang it wants the game on Go via 
 on the official website. “I can’t talk about details at this time, but upvoting that feedback link is the best way to tell the people calling the shots that you are interested in Minecraft on Oculus Go,” the developer said.
This adds fuel to a fire initially started by John Carmack, 
 that there was ‘some progress’ on getting one of two of the most request Go apps onto the platform. The other app was YouTube which launched this month, meaning it’s likely the remaining one is Minecraft.
Right now the feedback channel only has 106 upvotes, so Oculus Go users will need to gather in force if they really want this to become a reality. Given Gear and Go are, in Oculus’ words, “binary compatible,” it shouldn’t be too much effort to get the game working on Go in theory. Go does support Bluetooth gamepads, which is all you can use to play the mobile VR version, but we’d love to see the game get full motion controller support too.
.
A little more than seven years after Google 
, the internet giant has announced that it’s pretty much pulling support for the geriatric mobile operating system.
Ice Cream Sandwich (ICS), as Android 4.0 to 4.0.4 is more affectionately known, was a landmark operating system in many ways, ushering in a whole new set of interface guidelines — with a more minimalist design, not to mention groundbreaking features such as near-field communication (NFC), lockscreen support for camera and music controls, and facial recognition smarts for unlocking devices.
Today, however, ICS is a mere blip on the Android ecosystem radar, which is why Google Play services will no longer provide updates for the APIs (14 and 15) used by applications running on ICS.
Google Play services, for the uninitiated, is a background service and API package Google uses to serve updates to Android users without requiring them to upgrade their whole OS.
App developers who currently offer minimum support of API level 16 (Android 4.1 Jelly Bean) and over won’t have to do anything as a result of these changes. However, if their apps currently support API level 14 or 15, they will encounter a build error when updating to a newer SDK version. Google is now recommending that all developers target API level 16 as the bare minimum, which means those still using Ice Cream Sandwich on their Android device won’t even see the app update in Google Play, let alone be able to download it.
This doesn’t mean developers will be unable to target devices running Ice Cream Sandwich, however. It’s possible to create multiple APKs of their apps that support different API levels, meaning they can have one app that supports Ice Cream Sandwich specifically and one that supports Jelly Bean and over.
In real terms, this update will affect a minuscule proportion of the Android user base — but as the saying goes, a small percent of a high number can still be a lot of people. According to 
, Ice Cream Sandwich is running on just 0.3 percent of devices, but given that well 
 are running Android, as many as 7 million people could be impacted by these changes.
That said, anyone still running Ice Cream Sandwich is unlikely to be eager for the latest apps. “A very small percentage of all Android devices are using API levels less than 16,” noted Google’s technical program manager for Google Play, Sam Spencer, in a 
. “We believe that many of these old devices are not actively being used.”
Finally, what does this mean for anyone using versions of Android even older than Ice Cream Sandwich? Well, Google Play services 
 nearly two years ago, so it’s more than likely such devices are either no longer in use or are used purely as telephones.
China’s venture capitalists are changing their game. Where it’s previously been difficult for foreign startups to get Chinese VC funding, Chinese VCs are beginning to look at foreign-born startups with significant interest. Shanghai-based Wei Zhou, founder and CEO of XNode, has a unique vantage point of China’s embrace of foreign innovation: XNode is a high-profile startup and corporate accelerator with a flagship space in central Shanghai’s Jing’An district, which provides open innovation training for multinationals such as Intel and Philips and a landing pad in this thriving metropolis of 25 million people for Korean and Australian startups that have received support from their respective governments.
“China’s venture capital landscape is undergoing a shuffle,” he told me, “which means that startups are scrutinized more rigorously than in the past and fewer domestic candidates pass the screening. This opens the door like never before to founders of foreign-bred startups with deep tech solutions that are serious about commercializing in the Chinese market.”
As China marches towards technological advancement, the paradox in its quest for disruptive innovation becomes apparent: Planning for innovation is one thing, but creating it is an elusive and often abstract objective. It requires an ecosystem conducive to such activities, and people with particular proficiencies: Engineers and data scientists with hard technological skills in AI and machine learning, for example, and startup founders with soft leadership skills. China is still short on these resources, and it is currently often Chinese returnees from Silicon Valley who bring home the ethos and the talent. In the meantime, many investors are looking to buy what they can’t build.
Why are Chinese VCs now so interested in foreign-bred startups? You can trace the change back to May 2017. China had a 
 that month when Google’s DeepMind AlphaGo artificial intelligence (AI) computer 
 the World champion, Ke Jie, in China’s ancient board game, Go. That a software system developed in the United States could beat the Chinese on their own turf was a shock and a national humiliation.
The reaction was quick. In July 2017 China’s State Council issued the New Generation AI Development Plan, a three-step roadmap to becoming a world leader in AI by 2030. That followed the “Made in China 2025” edict issued in 2015 calling for more components produced locally in China in products that are made or designed in China.
In the few months since that plan was issued, China’s state and private sectors have fully mobilized in an attempt to meet the goals set out for them, with titans such as Baidu, Alibaba, Tencent, and many others pouring billions into the tech sector. According to a report by strategic research firm ABI Research, 
 raised nearly $5 billion in venture capital funding in 2017, which PriceWaterhouseCoopers says accounted for 48 percent of the world’s total AI startup funding, compared to America’s 38 percent.
Chinese tech investors increasingly seek the next unicorn outside of their home market. Glory Capital sits in a building overlooking the gleaming glass-and-steel high-rises in Shanghai’s northeast district of Yangpu, home to 14 higher education institutions, including top-ranked Fudan University and Tongji University. Founded by Eric Yang and Jerry Bai in 2015, it is one of a growing number of outbound VC firms: The partners launched one fund with RMB 250 million ($36 million) for investing in Chinese startups and a second fund of around $10 million earmarked for Israeli startups that Yang and Bai are betting have a real shot in China’s hypercompetitive tech market.
Cross-border venture investing is fraught with risk, and most Chinese players are inexperienced in running due diligence on a foreign company, yet more of them are attempting to do so. “We add value to our Israeli portfolio companies by connecting them to the likes of Xiaomi and Huawei, two of China’s hardware titans, helping them commercialize their products here in China,” Yang said, but Glory Capital is still the exception among Chinese VCs in its ability to invest overseas directly in foreign startups and then help them develop their China business.
In reality, success stories of startups founded abroad and scaled up in China are still few and far between. For decades the US – and particularly Silicon Valley — has been providing high-growth startups from anywhere in the world access to deep-pocketed venture capitalists and entry into its vast market. Skype, Spotify, Waze, Mobileye, Wix, Zoopla are just a few companies that were hatched in Israel and Europe, grown in the US, and then acquired by a large company or made public on Nasdaq or NYSE.
That is changing this year. Foreign founders, eager to tap into the sheer number of Chinese consumers voraciously adopting new products and technologies, continue to struggle to analyze the risk-return tradeoff in shifting their efforts to China rather than the US. Granted, risk is compounded in China, with an unfamiliar business culture, low transparency, and a poorly understood regulatory environment, but there are also compelling advantages for startup founders such as accelerated time-to-market and high valuations.
: As of October 2018, venture investment in China reached $93.8 billion, $2.2 billion more than the $91.6 posted in the US, according to Crunchbase. The time it takes a startup in China to reach unicorn status is on average four years, nearly half of the seven years it takes in the US, and as a result there are now 109 unicorns with a total valuation of $535 billion in China vs. 127 unicorns in the US with a cumulative valuation of $478 billion.
These figures paint only a partial picture as China still lags significantly behind the US in the quality of its engineers and patents, the maturity of its tech ecosystem, and in its ability to attract the world’s best talent. China’s total tech market value is still only 32 percent of America’s.
However, strong political and economic forces within China are pushing investors to chase deals worldwide. Traditionally, the first stop was Silicon Valley, but with the Trump administration’s pushback, Chinese investors are turning their attention to Israel for its pool of quality startups and to Europe for its manufacturing prowess.
The engineers-turned-venture capitalists at Glory Capital have amassed a portfolio of more than a dozen Israeli companies in sectors such as smartphones, IoT, and autonomous vehicles, which are aligned with their experience and in which China is a clear global leader.
Another fund, Boliu, which has pooled money from high net-worth individuals for both domestic Chinese and cross-border activity, casts its net more widely. Boliu’s Fund-of-Funds arm is a limited partner (LP) in two VC funds in Israel, one in New York and one in California, in the hope that these funds will help scout locally for star startups. Boliu boasts being one of the early investors in iQiyi, a Beijing-based online video streaming platform with 500 million users, but to date it has only co-invested with its general-partner funds in 
.
Plug and Play, an innovation platform and an early-stage investor from Silicon Valley with a well-established presence in Beijing, Shanghai, and Hangzhou, has invited a handful of startups from the US, Europe, and Southeast Asia to a six-month cross-border acceleration program dedicated to helping them gain market entry into China.
As foreign startups cautiously seize on the immense opportunity in China, much of their success hinges on how proactive Chinese investors will help these trailblazers dig in for the long term.
Amazon’s Alexa is becoming more responsive, knowledgeable, and contextually aware. In a 
 ahead of an invited talk at the 
 conference in Montreal, Ruhi Sarikaya, director of applied science at Alexa AI, detailed the progress Amazon’s made in the field of conversational artificial intelligence (AI) throughout the course of the year, and a few of the recent improvements it’s rolled out to Alexa-enabled smart speakers, televisions, set-top boxes, and other devices.
“There has been remarkable progress in conversational AI systems this decade, thanks in large part to the power of cloud computing, the abundance of the data required to train AI systems, and improvements in foundational AI algorithms,” Sarikaya wrote. “Substantial advances in machine learning technologies have enabled this, allowing systems like Alexa to act on customer requests by translating speech to text, and then translating that text into actions.”
Currently, Alexa relies on a number of contextual clues to resolve ambiguity, including historical activity, preferences, memory, third-party skill ratings and usage, session context, and physical context (i.e., the Alexa-enabled device’s location). To improve its precision further, Amazon this week launched a self-learning system that “detects the defects in Alexa’s understanding and automatically recovers from these errors” without the need for human intervention by “[taking] advantage of customers’ implicit or explicit contextual signals.”
Sarikaya said that during the beta earlier this year the AI system autonomously learned to associate the command “Play ‘Good for What'” with “Play ‘Nice for What’,” correcting a user’s misspoken request for a Drake song.
“This [AI] is currently applying corrections to a large number of music-related utterances each day, helping decrease customer interaction friction for the most popular use of Alexa-compatible devices,” Sarikaya said. “We’ll be looking to expand the use of this self-learning capability in the months ahead.”
Alexa’s advancements aren’t limited to speech comprehension. This fall, Amazon introduced an AI model that performs name-free skill interaction, allowing users to find and launch skills in the Alexa Skills Store without having to remember their exact titles or names. As Sarikaya explained, it enables customers to issue a command like, “Alexa, get me a car,” instead of having to specify a particular ride-sharing service, like Uber or Lyft.
The model made its debut in the U.S. earlier this year, and it recently expanded to the U.K., Canada, Australia, India, Germany, and Japan.
“[When] customers in Germany say ‘Alexa, welche stationen kennst du?’ (‘Alexa, what stations do you know?’) Alexa will reply ‘Der Skill Radio Brocken kann dir dabei helfen. Möchtest du ihn aktivieren?’ (‘The skill Radio Brocken can help. Do you want to enable it?’)” Sarikaya wrote.
On the conversational front, Alexa’s now better able to track references through several rounds of conversation, a problem known as slot carryover. And with Follow-Up Mode, which is powered by AI that’s able to distinguish follow-up requests from noise of background conversations or audio, it’s able to converse more naturally by allowing users to issue commands without having to repeat the wake word “Alexa.”
“For example, if a customer says ‘What’s the weather in Seattle?’ and after Alexa’s response says ‘How about Boston?’, Alexa infers that the customer is asking about the weather in Boston,” Sarikaya wrote. “If, after Alexa’s response about the weather in Boston, the customer asks, ‘Any good restaurants there?’, Alexa infers that the customer is asking about restaurants in Boston.”
Both of those enhancements hit U.S. shores earlier this year, and they’ve since expanded to customers in Canada, the U.K., Australia, New Zealand, India, and Germany.
They follow the rollout of a 
 feature that allows users to find new playlists through voice, and a more personalized Amazon Music recommendation system informed by listening habits, followed artists, favorite genres, and other factors. Amazon this week also announced 
, a feature that lets customers submit answers to uncommon questions that may then be distributed to millions of Alexa users around the world.
“[We’re] on a multiyear journey to fundamentally change human-computer interaction,” Sarikaya said. “It’s still Day 1, and not unlike the early days of the internet, when some suggested that the metaphor of a market best described the technology’s future. Nearly a quarter-century later, a market segment is forming around Alexa, and it’s clear that for that market segment to thrive, we must expand our use of contextual signals to reduce ambiguity and friction and increase customer satisfaction.”
Activision and Treyarch revealed the first major content update for 
. The Operation Absolute Zero will launch on December 11 with new features for PlayStation 4 players.
One of the bigger changes is a new Specialist, dubbed Zero, who joins the nine other Specialist characters that players can choose to play in multiplayer matches.
Zero can appear in 
 and Blackout modes. Zero can disrupt and distract enemies with powerful hacking tools in multiplayer, potentially changing the flow of battle in crucial moments.
There’s also a new location and update for 
, the battle royale mode with a giant map for 100 players to fight it out until the last player is standing. The new location is Hijacked, or a luxury yacht out on the water, inspired by the intense classic multiplayer map from Call of Duty: Black Ops II.
Fans can loot the luxury yacht to gear up for a firefight and battle opponents on their way to the final circle. Also, players can hop into a new armored vehicle once they’re back on dry land.
After Operation Absolute Zero arrives, the holidays will come to Blackout with throwable snowballs that allow players to mount a festive assault on their enemies.
Operation Absolute Zero also brings a powerful assault rifle and a fast-firing submachine gun (SMG) to the Black Market that players can acquire through the Contraband stream. Plus, fans can collect new tactical outfits, personalization accessories, new characters to use in Blackout, and special gift-wrapped melee weapons.
More details can be found at the Treyarch blog
Peer-to-peer lodging marketplace Airbnb announced that is has now collected $1 billion in taxes on behalf of hosts over the past four and a half years.
After a lengthy fight against local authorities’ efforts to get it to serve as tax collector, the San Francisco-based company began collecting hotel-style transient occupancy taxes (TOT) directly from guests in Portland, Oregon 
. In the four-plus years since, it has expanded the tax-collection initiative to cover 
 local jurisdictions, from North America and 
 to Brazil and Bermuda.
As Airbnb 
, it is already in a healthy position financially, given that it is one of the rare profitable “unicorns” out there. The company has raised north of $4 billion since its inception, with its most recent $1 billion raise giving it a 
, and it turned its first profit in Q2, 2016, followed by its 
 in 2017.
By contrast, fellow San Francisco-based sharing economy companies Lyft, which 
, and Uber, which is also 
 for 2019, are not yet profitable.
However, Airbnb is still facing battles in many of the markets in which it operates, with the likes of Miami 
 over alleged illegal short-term rentals on the platform, and a class-action lawsuit currently underway after Airbnb 
. The company also faces 
 on local communities, with countless reports of property owners now favoring short-term rentals over longer-term tenancies.
Ahead of its IPO next year, Airbnb is clearly gearing up for a major charm offensive to show the positive impact it has on communities where it operates. And having passed the magic $1 billion in taxes collected gives it a great number to flaunt when trying to convey its value to society.
“Home-sharing democratizes revenue by providing an increasingly valuable source of funding for governments around the world,” the company said in a 
. “When Airbnb collects and remits hotel and similar taxes on behalf of our hosts, we help ensure a streamlined process that lightens the administrative burden for hosts, as well as state and local governments.”
(
) — The European Union should be worried about Huawei and other Chinese technology companies because of the risk they pose to the bloc’s industry and security, the EU’s technology commissioner said on Friday.
“Do we have to be worried about Huawei or other Chinese companies? Yes, I think we have to be worried about those companies,” Andrus Ansip told a news conference in Brussels, days after a top executive at Chinese tech giant Huawei 
 as part of an investigation into alleged bank fraud.
Huawei, which generated $93 billion in revenue last year and is seen as a national champion in China, faces intense scrutiny from many Western nations over its ties to the Chinese government, driven by concerns it could be used by Beijing for spying.
Ansip said he was concerned because Chinese technology companies were required to cooperate with Chinese intelligence services, such as on “mandatory back doors” to allow access to encrypted data.
He also said those companies produce chips that could be used “to get our secrets”.
“As normal, ordinary people we have to be afraid,” he said, adding he did not have enough information about the recent arrest in Canada.
Germany said on Friday it opposed excluding any manufacturers from the planned construction of 5G mobile networks.
Belgium’s center for cyber security was considering the possibility of banning Huawei in the country, newspapers L’Echo and De Tijd reported. The company supplies equipment to telecom providers Proximus and Orange Belgium.
The center was not immediately reachable for comment.
The EU as a whole is braced to launch a far-reaching system to coordinate scrutiny of foreign investments into Europe following a surge of Chinese investments and concerns about security and forced technology transfer.
However, the arrest in Canada of Huawei chief financial officer Meng Wanzhou relates to a U.S. investigation into an alleged scheme to use the global banking system to evade U.S. sanctions against Iran, people familiar with the probe told Reuters.
Europeans too could potentially face prosecution in the United States, which has withdrawn from an agreement with Iran on its nuclear program. Reimposed U.S. sanctions have already forced many European companies to stop trading with Iran.
Meng was due to appear in a court on Friday as she awaits a possible extradition to the United States.
(
)
Google is finally rolling out the previously announced Smart Reply feature to Hangouts Chat users in G Suite.
The internet giant 
 mobile email app way back in 2015, followed by its 
 and then 
. It has been pretty clear that smart replies are emerging as a core tool for Google across its messaging empire, and back in July 
 that the feature was heading to Hangouts Chat.
But it has taken the best part of five months for the rollout to actually begin, a process that kicks off today and which should be complete over the next few days.
The workings of Smart Reply in Hangouts Chat is similar to Gmail — you’re presented with a bunch of pre-generated options to select above the message field, saving you a whole handful of seconds having to type a reply yourself.
You can, of course, add your own words to the computer-generated utterance, so as to sound less curt in your response.
Above: Smart reply in Hangouts Chat
By way of a quick recap, Hangouts Chat emerged last year after Google announced it was 
 into two services: Hangouts Meet, a Skype-like videoconferencing application, and Chat, 
.
The classic version of Hangouts for consumers still exists, but Google 
 that it would be sunsetting the service next year. Yesterday, 
 — essentially, Hangouts Chat and Hangouts Meet will be expanded beyond G Suite and into the consumer realm.
At any rate, smart replies appear to be a popular feature across Google’s products — they’re 
 sent in Gmail. And Hangouts Chat users can now join in the fun too.
“We’re bringing Smart Reply to Hangouts Chat so you can respond to teammates quickly and move projects forward more efficiently, in less time,” the company 
 today. “This launch is part of our ongoing effort to bring intelligent, assistive writing tools to all of G Suite.”
One point worth noting: Smart replies are currently only available in English on Hangouts Chat. Inside Gmail, they 
, while Gmail 
 for speedier emailing, and this 
. So don’t be surprised if Google expands language support for smart replies in Hangouts Chat too.
      
    
  
SAN FRANCISCO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 6, 2018–
      StackShare, a software discovery platform for developers, is introducing       a new feature that makes it easier than ever for developers to choose       the right software tools for the unique problems facing their companies.    
      
 lets developers post and browse short posts about why they       chose a given suite of software tools to overcome a specific engineering       challenge. Developers can share a few sentences about the problem they       faced and the technology they used to solve it, allowing for messages       that are longer than what you can post on Twitter and less       time-intensive than a typical Medium post.    
      With a community of over 250,000 developers, StackShare has emerged as       the best place for software engineers to learn which
tools their       peers are using. The introduction of Stack Decisions — launched with       partners including 
, 
, 
       and 
 — helps developers understand the 
behind       those decisions.    
      “As a founder, I know how difficult and time-consuming these large       technical decisions can be,” said 
, Founder and       CEO at StackShare. “With Stack Decisions, we’ve introduced a powerful       platform for making smarter technology choices — helping our community       get back to the hard work of solving the actual technical challenges       they face each day.”    
      Stack Decisions is the latest step forward in StackShare’s pursuit of       building the world’s first technology graph, a mission that netted 
 at the beginning of the year.    
      “We’re excited about Stack Decisions because it encourages developers to       share their expertise and experiences, allowing for .NET developers to       share their platform choices in to-the-point sentences, which helps       other developers learn more about the language and framework features       and extensibility,” said 
, Senior Program Manager at       Microsoft. “As a member of the .NET team, Stack Decisions gives us the       opportunity to see, learn and appreciate how our growing open source       developer community is using .NET.”    
      The .NET community has already started sharing some of the most       interesting 
 they’ve been making while utilizing the .NET platform on       StackShare.    
      StackShare helps over 10,000 tech companies, including Dropbox and       Airbnb, attract top developer talent by showing off the technology they       use to build their businesses. In addition, StackShare empowers       developers to share knowledge by letting them rate various software       tools.    
      
    
      
       is a Silicon Valley-based software discovery platform that lets you see       all the best software tools and who’s using them. It’s a developer-only       community of engineers, CTOs, and VPEs from some of the world’s top       companies, designed to help developers share knowledge about the tools       they use and why they use them. Founded by Yonas Beshawred in 2014,       StackShare has raised $7M to date from 500 Startups and e.ventures.    
      FLIGHT PR
Alysha Light
    
“HCI was nascent three or four years ago, when it was considered new, but now CEOs are standing up and saying, this is the next phase of on-premises data center technology,” says Mike Wronski, principal marketing manager at 
. “If people are going to do on-prem data centers, it’s going to be HCI-based. We’ve gotten past that portion of the growth.”
In its first incarnation, HCI was all about driving out the storage complexity, by taking standard, off-the-shelf Intel-based compute servers with disc drives inside them and creating storage that works fundamentally just as well as the traditional old way of doing data center storage.
“What we’ve been asking is, can we take that a step further and look at the rest of the data center stack and converge the virtualization portion into this as well?” Wronski says.
Virtualization itself comprises a large set. There’s the hypervisor, which most people consider the base of virtualization. But then there’s a lot of other things on top that add complexity. You have basic management: managing the servers themselves, the virtual machines, creating and reconfiguring the virtual machines and making sure they’re running well. Then you have management tools for things like performance monitoring, performance management, predictive analysis for questions like when do I need to add more servers, more memory, more compute, more storage? Then there’s activities like upgrades.
All these layers of discrete software packages that deliver virtualization add a ton of complexity – but converging virtualization into hyperconvergence can remove that complexity, by building it into the HCI solution.
“What happens is people segment the two,” Wronski says. “They see HCI as one thing and the virtualization choice as independent. But the only way to do it well is to bring the two together: HCI plus virtualization built for HCI. You’ll only get so far if you just go to HCI and you keep your existing virtualization solution, instead of removing that second-order level of complexity.”
He offers as an analog the public cloud, which has gained huge traction over the last 10 years. When industries look at public cloud, they’re looking at the totality of services, he says, rather than discrete components: storage service, compute management services from different cloud providers. And it’s much easier to consume, because you don’t see or have to manage any of the backend facilities of that.
The idea, in other words, is to make the on-premises data center more like the public cloud, where you can remove – not extract or hide – virtualization complexity completely, the way HCI removed much of the storage complexity. It’s essentially leveraging the lessons learned from HCI on how to collapse pieces of software, absorb it into the same management plane, and start to deliver services as part of it. And the results directly impact your efficiency and your bottom line.
“That’s how we start breaking the chains,” Wronski says. “When you reach the first goal – make my data center have a cost profile and a user experience as close to public cloud as possible — you’re going beyond making just cost-outcome-based decisions, and can now make business-outcome-based decisions.”
Where do you start? Timing could be based on your larger equipment refresh cycle or focus on a more strategic IT project. As Wronski puts it, “You don’t want to get trapped in that old adage about insanity: doing the same thing and expecting a different outcome.”
“If you know it’s not working and need to make a change, now is the time,” he says. “Don’t keep buying the same old stuff, because you’re not going to get any better results  than you had before. Buying more of the same does not help you if you agree that current datacenter architectures are part of the problem and that is what’s pushing you toward public cloud or other alternatives.”
To learn more about how to create a full infrastructure stack that integrates compute, virtualization, storage, networkingk and security, how to move beyond cost-outcome decisions to strategic business-outcome decisions, and more, don’t miss this VB Live event!
Don’t miss out.
The first unboxing video for Google’s 6DOF controllers hit the Web as the first wave of developer kits appear to be shipping out.
VR and AR developer 
 posted the following video showing the complete contents of the developer kit, including AAA batteries and a charger for them as well as the controllers, the “tracking faceplate” and a cord to connect it to the Lenovo Mirage Solo standalone VR headset. The USB-C connector on the controllers is for “flashing” them, not for charging, according to a paper in the unboxing video.
We’ll update this post as hands-on impressions start to show up.
If Google is developing a standalone VR headset with the same controller tracking technology built into the headband, it is possible the company could provide robust inside-out tracking in a next generation system. Google’s investments in VR so far suggest its efforts have been focused on the unique capabilities of 6DOF hand controllers, and I think this kit could be a hint that the company is doubling down on standalone VR in 2019.
This story 
, our syndication partner.
Microsoft today announced it 
. The news includes 
, including the decoupling of Edge from Windows 10, more frequent updates, and support for Chrome extensions. But we also wanted to find out what other major browser makers think of the news.
Google largely sees Microsoft’s decision as a good thing, which is not exactly a surprise given that the company created the Chromium open source project.
“Chrome has been a champion of the open web since inception and we welcome Microsoft to the community of Chromium contributors,” a Google spokesperson told VentureBeat. “We look forward to working with Microsoft and the web standards community to advance the open web, support user choice, and deliver great browsing experiences.”
What Google’s statement doesn’t say is the company still isn’t happy with Edge. The Microsoft Store still 
, meaning devices running Windows 10 S Mode can’t install Chrome, Firefox, or any third-party browser. Microsoft has yet to say if that will change.
Mozilla meanwhile sees Microsoft’s move as further validation that users should switch to Firefox.
“This just increases the importance of Mozilla’s role as the only independent choice,” a Mozilla spokesperson told VentureBeat. “We are not going to concede that Google’s implementation of the web is the only option consumers should have. That’s why we built Firefox in the first place and why we will always fight for a truly open web.”
Mozilla regularly points out it develops the only independent browser — meaning it’s not tied to a tech company that has priorities which often don’t align with the web. Apple (Safari), Google (Chrome), and Microsoft (Edge) all have their own corporate interests.
Mozilla CEO Chris Beard has 
 a bit more color:
From a social, civic and individual empowerment perspective ceding control of fundamental online infrastructure to a single company is terrible. This is why Mozilla exists. We compete with Google not because it’s a good business opportunity. We compete with Google because the health of the internet and online life depend on competition and choice. They depend on consumers being able to decide we want something better and to take action.
Will Microsoft’s decision make it harder for Firefox to prosper? It could. Making Google more powerful is risky on many fronts. And a big part of the answer depends on what the web developers and businesses who create services and websites do. If one product like Chromium has enough market share, then it becomes easier for web developers and businesses to decide not to worry if their services and sites work with anything other than Chromium. That’s what happened when Microsoft had a monopoly on browsers in the early 2000s before Firefox was released. And it could happen again.
A Chromium-based Edge means a lot for the few users that actively use Edge, but much more interesting will be the impact on the broader web. Chrome dominates already — will this only cement its place or will the competition heat up?
We also contacted Apple and Opera and will update this story if we hear back.
: Opera thinks Microsoft is making a smart move, because it did the same thing six years ago.
“We noticed that Microsoft seems very much to be following in Opera’s footsteps,” an Opera spokesperson told VentureBeat. “Switching to Chromium is part of a strategy Opera successfully adopted in 2012. This strategy has proved fruitful for Opera, allowing us to focus on bringing unique features to our products. As for the impact on the Chromium ecosystem, we are yet to see how it will turn out, but we hope this will be a positive move for the future of the web.”
If you or a loved one wants to build or upgrade a beefy PC gaming rig this holiday, you’re gonna want a new video card. The GPU is the heart of the system. It is the biggest factor in determining how well games will run.
So if you’re out shopping this holiday or looking for deals online, here are the graphic cards I would keep an eye out for.
The GeForce RTX 2080 Ti is the most powerful graphics card on the market. It is also difficult to find. I am bringing it up here because if you absolutely have to have the best, this is the one to get. It also just launched in September, so don’t expect any deals this holiday season.
No.
The $500 range is not the “sweet spot” for graphics cards, but it’s among the sweetest. If you have a lot of money to build a rig, but you still want to stretch every dollar as far as it can go, the RTX 2070 is your best bet. It just came out, so Nvidia is going to support it for years to come. It is powerful enough to handle almost any game at 1440p with high framerates. And it can even dabble in ray tracing.
The 2070 is an OK deal at this point, but if you want to go home with a great deal, you should look to the last-generation GTX 1070 Ti. This is an excellent card for everything up to (but not including) 4K. If I had to pick one card on this list to suggest to the budget-conscious gamer who still really wants great performance beyond 1080p60, it would be the 1070 Ti.
The last one in this category is AMD’s Radeon Vega 56 and Vega 64. These are both strong cards that are powerful enough to handle 1440p gaming at high framerates. The 56 is normally a better deal, but the Vega 64 at $400 is not bad at all. If you can’t find a 1070 Ti for $350, the Vega 56 at $350 or Vega 64 at $400 are some excellent alternatives. I especially like the Vega 64 at $400.
The Radeon RX 580 is the card to get if you are using a 1080p 60 Hz monitor. Anything else is usually overkill. You could go with the recently released RX 590, but that’s really just a spruced up RX 580. It’s also more expensive. If you just want to get great performance at a great price, you can’t beat the RX 580.
In a hypergrowth technology company you’ll face challenges at each stage, but a lot of what you’ll encounter is entirely predictable. Here is some practical advice on how to tackle each stage in this “growth journey,” passed along by entrepreneurs and executives we’ve worked with.
Great high technology companies often start with a vision of solving a problem with a new technology that offers customers a faster, cheaper, or better solution. This vision can be somewhat general and vague in the startup phase, when the company’s primary task is to survive
To survive, the company must turn its vision into a reality by engaging with customers, building a product, and beginning to close sales.
But don’t be surprised when things don’t go according to plan. Often, your initial assumptions prove incorrect. Why? Because there are often more questions than answers. Rapid iteration and hypothesis testing are the company’s friend during this phase. If something isn’t working, the best action is to adjust quickly. Some describe this as fail fast and adjust.
While the mission may remain constant, there is no set path. It is a constant process of exploration and experimentation. Because of this uncertainty, this phase of the company’s development requires fast twitch personalities who are comfortable with plan du jour. As the company engages the market, constant adjustments are being made to the product, positioning, and distribution as the company empirically discovers the best and most efficient product/market fit.
While all this is taking place, the company is burning through cash. So speed is also your best friend, and it encourages a strong bias to action. Action results in learning. Learning results in adaptive evolution. And if the company is smart and lucky, all of this results in survival
As the company continues to grow, the primary developmental task shifts from survival to an emphasis on teamwork.
If the company has found a good product/market fit, the volume of work may expand much more rapidly than in the startup phase. The solution, of course, is to hire more people, and if possible, raise more capital.
 revolve around determining who does what, and when. It is not unusual for employees to experience task confusion as the organization rapidly scales. An expanding organization makes it necessary to determine how to complete tasks with more people involved. Hiring managers, who are already busy with running the business, must make time for rapidly recruiting and onboarding new employees. The company may also outgrow the capabilities of certain early team members.
Rapid growth brings its own particular challenges. As they look to scale quickly, companies often neglect to install the appropriate management systems and metrics to ensure that roles, rhythms, and results are well-defined.
These are critical foundation stones for any business to execute effectively as it adds new employees who themselves are trying to figure out how to get things done.
The emergence from the small company phase is often accompanied by a solid base of happy customers, but the company is in many ways still in its adolescence. It remains awkward and somewhat immature in some respects. It is not unusual to see unevenness and gaps in general areas such as organizational structure, delegation and recruiting processes, as well as functional areas such as product management, marketing, and customer success.
As annual revenue grows from $20 million per year to $100 million, organizations 
 from an oversized small company to a smallish large company. During this period of growth, the company’s key developmental task is horizontal and vertical functional alignment.
The business now needs specialists in all areas. At the same time, it needs to align and coordinate the increasing number of specialized individuals and teams so it can continue to scale its critical business processes efficiently.
During the alignment phase, the company begins to look and feel increasingly like a corporation. The emergence from this phase is marked by noticeably more structure in both the organization and the operational systems. Stronger functional leadership emerges with more robust systems.
This phase is often characterized by “top-grading,” repurposing, and transitioning personnel across and throughout the organization.
Increasingly, there is more energy and effort put into managing people as a critical resource and expansion of the 
.
All this preparation sets the stage for the next phase of the company’s development as the management team and board begin to think about initial public offering (IPO) preparedness.
During this phase, a key task is to develop predictable operations — a prerequisite for entering the domain of the public markets.
Predictable operations require better information, more coordination, and — at all levels of the organization — an increasing practice of “guard banding,” or making commitments with some meaningful cushion of time and resources.
This approach eventually leads to a “meet and beat” mentality and culture where the norm is meeting commitments and projections while ensuring there is a reasonable probability of overachievement. In some ways, this is a luxury that is often not consistently possible in prior stages of the company’s development.
This phase of the company brings with it a new level of maturity and unavoidable conservatism in how the company conducts its business.
The company has now become a global commercial enterprise with predictable operations and a strong executive team with a span of control aided by delegation, business processes, management information systems, and strong cross-functional teams.
During this phase, the company evolves into an IPO-ready company. The IPO itself can then be done at the discretion of the management and board.
Being associated with a hypergrowth company is truly a transformative and exhilarating life experience that transcends the spectacular business achievements of the company.
Amazon’s cloud computing business, Amazon Web Services (AWS), has officially 
 its first cloud region in the Nordics.
AWS first 
 in Sweden in April last year, and it has met its 2018 target with a few weeks to spare.
The region, which is called AWS Europe (Stockholm), is the company’s fifth cloud region in Europe — after France, Germany, Ireland, and the U.K. — and will be spread across three separate locations (availability zones) in Sweden.
Launched in 2006, AWS currently generates more than 10 percent of Amazon’s overall revenue and gives any company access to “elastic” cloud computing infrastructure that negates the need to operate their own on-site servers. However, to serve local customers well, it’s preferable to have datacenters as close by as possible to increase data transfer speeds and reduce latency. This is partly why all the major cloud infrastructure providers are steadily increasing their presence around the world.
AWS already counts a number of big-name customers in the Nordics, including Finnair, IKEA, Nokia, Rovio, Volvo, and Assa Abloy, and with the promise of local cloud infrastructure Amazon now stands a better chance of fending off competitors. Earlier this year, Google 
, while Microsoft 
 Azure datacenters in Norway next year.
A similar pattern is emerging in other regions around the world — Amazon 
 that its first African AWS datacenters will open in Cape Town in 2020, following Microsoft’s 
 that it would be launching its first African datacenters sometime in 2018. You can bet your bootlaces Google will announce cloud infrastructure plans for Africa in the not-too-distant future.
Elsewhere, AWS also 
 its second government-focused GovCloud region, this time on the U.S. East Coast.
Indian education startup 
 has raised $540 million in a funding round led by South Africa’s Naspers Ventures and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board.
The funding round announced today roughly doubles the 10-year-old startup’s valuation to $3.6 billion, making it one of the biggest education startups in the world. The new valuation also helps Byju’s join the ranks of India’s most valuable startups, along with 
, Ola, and Oyo.
Byju’s, which also counts Chan-Zuckerberg Initiative and Tencent among its backers, said in a statement that it will be using the new capital to pursue “aggressive” plans to expand its service outside of India.
In a statement, Russell Dreisenstock, who heads international investments at Naspers Ventures, said his firm invested in the company because it believes the success of Byju’s in India “will translate across borders in any country where students are looking for an innovative and engaging form of education beyond the classroom.”
Byju Raveendran, founder of the eponymous startup, said the company’s focus remains to achieve “long-term sustainable growth.” In a statement in June of this year, the company said it had turned profitable, though it did not offer specifics.
“The edtech industry is undergoing massive shifts; students today want to learn through engaging and interactive methods. We are pioneering ‘better learning for tomorrow’ with technology as an enabler, and have been working toward making students active learners. It is only through active learning that we can prepare our youth for the jobs of tomorrow,” he added.
On the sidelines of the announcement, Byju’s said its personalized K12 learning app, which offers study material for students in elementary school and high school and those preparing for engineering and other graduate-level exams, is now being used by 30 million registered users, 2 million of whom are paid customers. These students spend more than an hour on the app each day, Byju’s said.
On the app, tutors use real-world examples and objects to explain various topics to students. The company said today that its app has been growing at a rate of 100 percent annually since it was launched three years ago. It aims to triple its revenue to $195 million this year.
If you’ve worked in an office (or even at home) at any point during the past three decades, you’ve doubtlessly dabbled with 
 — that number-crunching powerhouse that fuels the more analytical aspects of small startups and Fortune 500 companies alike.
But you’ve likely only scratched the surface of what this incredibly powerful and versatile program can do, and if you want to be competitive in today’s increasingly data-driven economy, knowing only how to open up a spreadsheet or two isn’t going to cut it.
The 
 introduces you to the more advanced and valuable elements of this platform through easy-to-follow instruction that uses real-world examples — and lifetime access is currently available for over 95 percent off at just $39.
With four courses and over 70 hours of instruction, this bundle is ideal for both complete Excel novices and more experienced users who want to take their skills to the next level.
If you’ve never worked with Excel before, there’s an introductory module that walks you through the platform’s most essential elements, through instruction that teaches you about everything from graphs and charts to basic macros, spreadsheet designs, and much more.
With the essentials under your belt, you’ll tackle more advanced concepts, such as financial modeling theories that can be used to build powerful data analysis functions, PivotTables and conditional formatting structures that can be used to forecast trends in large sets of raw data, highly detailed macros, and more.
You’ll also learn how to increase productivity across the board by automating your spreadsheets and implementing a wide range of time-saving tools through more advanced coding and scripting techniques.
Become a full-fledged Excel master with lifetime access to the Ultimate Excel Bootcamp Bundle for 
 — over 95 percent off its usual price for a limited time.
Google has confirmed major expansion plans for New York City, gearing up to invest more than $1 billion as part of a broader plan that could double its head count in the Big Apple over the next decade.
The Alphabet subsidiary said it has signed lease agreements at 315 and 345 Hudson Street in Lower Manhattan, in addition to a letter of intent to take over a nearby property at 550 Washington Street.
Google already inhabits 111 Eighth Avenue, having bought the Chelsea Art Deco building 
 for a reported $1.8 billion, though it first moved to the city way back in 2000. Earlier this year, Google also 
 that it had bought New York’s Chelsea Market for $2.4 billion, with plans to expand into another four-block campus at Pier 57.
The new hub, to be called Google Hudson Square, will serve as home for Google’s New York Global Business Organization. Together with the Chelsea Market expansion, it will allow Google to grow its existing 7,000-person footprint in New York City to more than 14,000.
Today’s announcement also comes on the heels of rival Amazon’s decision to 
 and a Washington, D.C. suburb, though that move 
. And Apple last week 
 in Austin, Texas.
It’s clear the big technology companies are looking to spread their wings beyond their domestic hubs on the West Coast, in part because it opens them up to a wider hiring pool — after all, not everyone wants to move to California or Seattle.
“New York City continues to be a great source of diverse, world-class talent — that’s what brought Google to the city in 2000, and that’s what keeps us here,” said Ruth Porat, SVP and CFO of Google and Alphabet, in a 
.
Porat added that the company is now growing faster outside the Bay Area than it is within it.
Google said its new 1.7 million-square-foot campus should open in 2020, kicking off with the two Hudson Street addresses, followed by Washington Street two years later.
Ever check medical symptoms online? You’re far from alone. The Pew Research Center’s Internet and American Life Project 
 that 35 percent of adults in the U.S. regularly turn to the internet to self-diagnose ailments. Only a fraction of them, however, find the information they’re searching for — such online tools only provide accurate results about 
 of the time.
Allon Bloch, previously CEO of Wix and Vroom, thought the industry could do better. Two years ago he cofounded 
, a Tel Aviv primary care startup with a software platform that takes into account medical histories, the clinical outcomes of millions of people, and the experience of thousands of doctors to deliver treatment information on hundreds of diseases. It today announced that it’s raised $25 million in a series B round led by 14W, with the participation of Comcast Ventures and Mangrove Capital Partners — double its $12.5 million series A raise earlier this year, in July.
It brings K Health’s total funding to date to $37.5 million. As part of the round, 14W managing partner Alex Zubillaga and Comcast Venture’s Shawn Leavitt will join K Health’s board.
Bloch says that the proceeds — which come shortly after K Health’s smartphone app, K, crossed the 500,000-download threshold, at a rate of 10,000 to 15,000 new users a day — will allow it to launch in-app virtual physician visits in early 2019 and “accelerate the intelligence of its self-learning system.” In the months ahead, K Health plans to make available doctors with whom K users aged 18 and older will be able to consult for a fee. Said doctors will review an AI-assisted triage of the patient’s symptoms and diagnose, prescribe, or refer patients as appropriate.
Currently, K offers same-day appointment bookings with physicians and complimentary remote consultations in cities where it’s partnered with local health systems.
There’s a wealth of competition in the budding telemedicine market, which some analysts estimate could be worth 
 by 2022 — Doctor on Demand, 
, PlushCare, Teladoc, and American Well are all competing for a slice of the pie, to name a few. But Block asserts that K Health’s AI-driven approach, combined with its proprietary medical knowledge database, gives it a leg up..
“Today, if you go online and search for something as simple as a cough, you’ll see millions of results, ranging from the common cold to cancer,” Bloch told VentureBeat in an earlier interview. “With K, we use real data from millions of people so you discover and understand the medical outcomes of people like you and have informed conversations with your providers about treatment options.”
K sources from a database of millions of electronic health records and 2 billion “health events” — maladies like nausea, headaches, and vomiting — supplied by Maccabi, Israel’s second-largest health fund. Users start by downloading an app for iOS or Android and answering roughly 20 questions about their age, gender, body mass index, health history, and symptoms. A machine learning-powered backend uses the responses to build a private profile, which it compares to medical insights gleaned from physician notes and charts.
The results page shows a list of outcomes experienced by people in similar health circumstances, along with a percentage indicating the likelihood of each diagnosis. Reports and profiles can be shared with clinicians via a HIPAA-compliant messaging feature ahead of telemedical or in-person appointments, if users so choose.
“There’s so much misdiagnosis — so much overtesting and overtreatment,” Bloch said. “We see [K Health] as a tool that can help to rule out something that’s potentially serious [and] help users take control of the information … [For] people who don’t have the ability to get access to quick care, that’s crucial.”
K Health is funded in part by Maccabi and Morris Kahn Institute for Research and Innovation, the tech incubation arm of Tel Aviv, Israel-based health maintenance organization (HMO) Maccabi Health. It says that any profits from the app will be reinvested into K Health’s database.
 is unveiling a new automotive camera chip, the 
 CV22AQ, to provide computer vision for deep neural network (DNN) processing in advanced driver assistance programs in cars.
Santa Clara, California-based 
 its position in camera sensors and processors to gain a foothold in computer vision and artificial intelligence chips for driver-assistance cameras, electronic mirrors, in-car cameras, and parking assistance technology. The company will debut the new tech at the CES 2019 trade show in Las Vegas in January.
The system-on-chip (SoC) provides the performance necessary to exceed New Car Assessment Program (NCAP) requirements for applications such as lane keeping, automatic emergency braking (AEB), intelligent headlight control, and speed assistance functions.
Fitbit today announced Fitbit OS 3.0. The new version adds an extended on-device dashboard, on-device quick logging for weight and water intake, and goal-based exercise modes originally introduced with the 
. “We are excited to announce these software and app updates, as they provide Fitbit smartwatch users with more ways to take action based on their personal data to achieve their health and fitness goals,” Fitbit product senior vice president Jon Oakes said in a statement.
Fitbit OS powers the company’s two smartwatches: 
. The 
 launched in October 2017, and the 
 arrived in April 2018.
Fitbit OS 3.0 is supposed to give Fitbit smartwatch owners “even more personal data at a glance.” The expanded on-device dashboard includes more stats and data — including sleep, water intake, and weight — additional exercise stats, and heart rate and hourly activity. Goal-based exercise modes let you set a goal for calories burned, distance, or time for more than 15 exercises, and you can see real-time stats, progress, and celebrations when goals are reached.
Fitbit also announced today that the Fitbit app will receive Female Health Tracking trends in early 2019. This will allow female users to see menstrual cycle data, logged symptoms, and trends over time.
Fitbit OS 3.0 also brings new features for the ecosystem’s 44,000 developers. The new Exercise API helps developers build more complex smartwatch apps, while the new Scientific API lets developers and researchers perform advanced data processing through a more efficient collection of math, statistical, and digital signal processing functions.
Developers can now also use their own algorithms when building health and fitness apps and can record custom exercise sessions on the Fitbit platform. The hope is that developers will design Fitbit smartwatch apps for more complex (not step-based) activities — like snowboarding, skiing, and skateboarding.
Two such apps are already debuting in the Fitbit Featured App Gallery: Alpine Snow and Skateboard. The former lets you take your Fitbit device on the slopes to track distance traveled, GPS route, number of runs, speed, altitude, weather conditions, calories burned, and heart rate in real time. The latter can track your speed, heart rate, calories burned, and distance traveled while you skateboard.
Speaking of new apps, Fitbit today also announced 10 new partner apps and clock faces coming to the Fitbit App Gallery. “We are partnering with some of the most popular health and fitness brands to develop apps that leverage Fitbit data to offer unique experiences and deliver more valuable and personal insights to help our users live healthier lifestyles,” Fitbit CMO Tim Rosa said in a statement.
The first four are available today:
The other six apps that are coming in early 2019: Charity Miles, FitBark, Gold’s Amp for Fitbit, Mindbody, Noonlight, and TRX.
Data scientists, engineers, and researchers are in demand. According to 
, as of August 2018 in the U.S., the tech industry is experiencing a shortage exceeding 150,000 of people with data science skills. And with firms like 
 forecasting 28 percent growth in the number of AI- and analytics-related job listings, it’s a virtual certainty that corporate recruitment won’t get any easier in the months ahead.
Short of hiring more data scientists, supplementary education is one way businesses can begin to close the institutional knowledge gap. That’s the mission of New York startup and Techstars graduate 
 — cofounder and CEO Jonathan Cornelissen says he hopes to make data skills and data fluency accessible to people around the world. Now, with a platform boasting more than 3.3 million users in over 190 countries and 1,000 business customers, the latter of which include EA, Lego, Airbnb, Forrester, Whole Foods, PayPal, T-Mobile, Telefonica, Kaiser Permanente, HSBC, REI, eBay, Uber, Ikea, and Mercedes-Benz, he and fellow cofounders Dieter De Mesmaeker and Martijn Theuwissen are a lot closer to achieving that goal. A fresh funding round and growth by 100,000 new users every month hasn’t hurt, either.
DataCamp today revealed that it’s raised $25 million in financing led by Spectrum Equity, with participation from Accomplice and Arthur Ventures. Notably, that’s six times the size of DataCamp’s previous $4 million raise in July 2017, and brings the company’s total haul to $31.1 million.
Cornelissen says the funds will allow DataCamp to expand its global reach, broaden its curriculum, and improve the learning experience. It currently has offices in New York, Belgium, and the U.K., and its team of more than 90 people is about evenly split between Europe and the U.S. (Last year, the U.S. team relocated from the Boston area, where Accomplice is based.)
“Our team is thrilled that the effort we’ve put into working with the best instructors — and compensating them for co-creating interactive, hands-on courses that enrich millions of users — will now benefit so many more users and companies,” he said. “We were drawn to Spectrum Equity’s track record of scaling online learning platforms and internet companies such as Lynda.com, Teachers Pay Teachers, SurveyMonkey and GoodRx.”
DataCamp’s courses — which are available both on the web and through apps for iOS and Android — run about four hours long, and combine short expert videos with built-in practice modules that deliver personalized feedback on tasks like writing code, importing data, cleaning up databases, and training AI models. Those exercises build toward larger challenges — projects — that present learners with real-world problems.
To date, DataCamp’s 160 educators — some of whom make close to $150,000 a year in royalties — have contributed to a library of more than 200 courses on R, Python, SQL, Git, Shell, and other programming languages, tools, and platforms. Perhaps more impressively, the company says that overall course completion rate exceeds 60 percent.
Massive open online course (MOOC) competitors like 
, 
, and 
 offer comparable features, to be sure. But somewhat uniquely, DataCamp provides a robust portal — DataCamp for Business — to its enterprise customers that allows them to track employees and team members’ progress over time. Managers can assign particular courses or chapters, see who’s meeting deadlines, and create custom curricular tracks. Employees, meanwhile, get access to a leaderboard showing key metrics like courses completed, skills acquired, and more.
One happy DataCamp for Business customer is Nielsen, which is tapping the company’s courses to “up-skill” its associates in data science and analytics.
“The breadth and quality of the curriculum, the hands-on approach to learning that pairs short videos that explain one concept at a time with in-browser coding exercises, as well as the depth of the resources available through the DataCamp community, all combine to address the broader need for data fluency across our organization,” Francesca Farinati, Nielsen’s data science global training leader, said.
DataCamp charges individual students $25 per month, and offers enterprise and professional tiers starting at $499 and $300 per year per user, respectively. (“Professional” customers miss out on capabilities like advanced reporting, data exporting, single sign-on, and a data API.)
“Our thesis supporting this investment is simple: the demand for increased data fluency is universal as enterprises attempt to compete more effectively in a world that is fundamentally more data driven — regardless of company size or industry segment,” Steve LeSieur, Spectrum Equity’s managing director, said of today’s announcement. “The platform that DataCamp CEO Jonathan Cornelissen, his co-founders and the rest of the team has built is best positioned to address this exploding demand with a distinctive and rapidly evolving product platform and a highly engaged global community.”
Messenger is taking a page from other properties in Facebook’s family of apps with the addition of new camera effects.
Today, Messenger is adding two new camera modes — Boomerang, the video looping effect popularized on Instagram, and Selfie Mode, which puts the subject of the photo or video in crisper focus. In addition, Messenger is adding new AR stickers and holiday-themed filters.
When Messenger users open the camera app, they’ll also see a slightly refreshed layout. Listed at the bottom of the camera will be the five camera modes they can choose from — Boomerang, Normal, Video, Text, and Selfie. That’s the same camera layout that already exists on Facebook and Instagram. Previously, Messenger displayed a variety of lenses and filters for users to choose from.
It’s another way Facebook is trying to create a consistent experience across its family of apps. Messenger has 1.3 billion monthly active users — still more than Instagram, as of last count, though the latter is better-known as the place to post videos and photos. Facebook is also trying to get Stories on Messenger to take off by encouraging users to send Stories to individual friends in the Messenger app when they post a Story on Facebook. As of last count, Facebook and Messenger stories claimed a 
.
The new camera modes are rolling out to a majority of global users starting today, according to a Facebook spokesperson.
Facebook’s $200 
 set a new bar for the features and performance of entry-level VR hardware, but it wasn’t perfect. Only two hours of real-world battery life and several ergonomic issues left room for improvement. Now Oculus founder Palmer Luckey is offering users a 
 to upgrade the standalone headset on their own.
Luckey’s “GoBlack” mods aren’t necessarily simple for the average user to do at home, but they’re not super challenging — and Facebook generally could have implemented them during manufacturing, improving Go’s user experience without changing the device’s price. As 
 back in 2017, it’s no surprise that his suggestions feel like a gentle “here’s what could have been” reminder to Oculus customers.
The first modification uses polyester dye to turn the light gray Go headset matte black, a seemingly cosmetic change that also reduces light inside the facial interface. This tweak, Luckey says, is necessary to cut reflective “god rays” inside the facial interface and is the reason headset makers “learn to embrace matte black” for interior surfaces. He also modified the lenses’ retainer clips, explaining that placing even mildly reflective surfaces near your eyes is a bad design decision.
Two major modifications cut Go’s weight from 400 grams down to 280 grams, making the headset noticeably more comfortable to wear, particularly when your head is moving. One relocates the battery from the front of the headset to the over-head strap, a change that simultaneously rebalances Go’s weight and enables the use of larger, easily swappable batteries. Another replaces the stock passive cooling system with an active but considerably lighter version that’s capable of being powered by the Go motherboard.
If those modifications weren’t enough to make Go more compelling, Luckey details two other features that he worked on: a mobile keyboard that enables Go to be used as a virtual laptop (which works as expected and will likely be detailed in a future blog post) and an IPD adjustment system to support wider eye spacing (which he gave up on). Luckey says he’s looking forward to Oculus’ next-generation standalone headset, the $400 Oculus Quest, which will include IPD adjustment — and no doubt get its own blog post with suggested modifications.
      
    
  
NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 17, 2018–
      
,       an enterprise security provider for SaaS-based email and collaboration       platforms, announced today that it has raised $25 million in Series B       funding from existing investors StageOne Ventures, Magma Venture       Partners and Greenfield Partners (a TPG Growth investment platform).       Avanan’s customer base has increased 10-fold in the last 12 months,       protecting over 1M end-user accounts in organizations across all       industries, from startups to Fortune 100. Avanan plans to use the new       funding to further accelerate its growth.    
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: 
      “We invested in Avanan because we believe the unified multi-vendor       security platform is a revolutionary solution in a market that has so       many point solutions,” says Yuda Doron, an investor from Greenfield       Partners. “We are in the midst of the mass adoption of SaaS-based email       and collaboration; every company will need to adopt a solution like       Avanan, just like they needed to install antivirus on their Windows PCs.”    
      Avanan helps companies secure the full Office 365 suite, G Suite, Box,       ShareFile, Slack and other collaboration SaaS applications from phishing       attacks, malicious content, data leakage, account takeover and more.       What sets Avanan apart is its multi-vendor platform, which allows       customers to pick and choose security technologies from the leading       vendors in the industry. Each of these vendor’s security technologies is       preconfigured and activated from inside the Avanan platform with one       click.    
      “Companies that use SaaS-based email and collaboration platforms quickly       realize that hackers find ways to bypass their security. Before Avanan,       the options for additional security were limited to legacy email       security vendors that tried to adapt their proxy solution to the cloud,”       says Avanan CEO and Co-founder Gil Friedrich. “Avanan takes a completely       different approach to how we secure our customers’ environments. By       connecting directly to the cloud, we not only deploy faster, we detect       and block all the threats that proxies are unable to see due to their       position outside the cloud. The difference to our customers is night and       day.”    
      “Because Avanan scans after the default security but before the inbox,       our anti-phishing algorithm is designed specifically to find and block       the attacks Microsoft and Google miss,” adds Avanan’s Co-founder and VP       of Product Roy Rotem. “This is a key reason why we have the highest       phishing catch rate in the industry.”    
      Within the Avanan platform, customers can purchase predefined bundles       containing security technologies from Avanan and Avanan’s partners, or à       la carte, selecting the exact technologies and vendors they want to use       in each category.    
      Avanan sells its solution under the Avanan label as well as through       several white-label OEMs with some of the leading IT security vendors.    
      
    
      Avanan is the premier security solution for cloud-based email, messaging       and collaboration. Deploying in minutes, Avanan’s unique, multi-vendor       security solution leverages the industry’s best technologies to protect       organizations from advanced threats such as phishing, malware, data       leakage, account takeover, and shadow IT. Avanan sells its solution       under the Avanan label as well as through several white-label OEMs with       some of the leading IT security vendors.    
      
    
      Greenfield Partners is an early growth investment platform backed by TPG       Growth, the growth equity investment arm of the private equity firm TPG.       Greenfield Partners targets investments in early growth-stage Israeli       related technology and tech-enabled businesses. The Greenfield Partners       team on the ground in Israel applies its years of operating experience       together with TPG Growth’s global network to help strengthen and grow       its portfolio companies. Greenfield Partners’ investments include       Avanan, BigPanda, Guardicore and Tapingo.    
      
    
      StageOne Ventures is an early stage venture capital fund managing $225       million. StageOne invests in Israeli founders of B2B companies       developing breakthrough technology. Past and current seed investments       include Guardium (sold to IBM), Traffix (Sold to F5), Otonomo and       Avanan. The fund’s managing partners are based in Israel and Silicon       Valley.    
      
    
      Magma is Israel’s leading venture capital firm specializing in       early-stage investments in communication, semiconductors, internet and       media. They seek bright ideas, infuse them with experience and       foresight, and facilitate their rise as industry leaders that redefine       the global communications sector. Current and past investments include       Waze, Onavo and Magisto, among others.    
      Deb Montner, 203-226-9290
    
 will take place in Los Angeles at the 
, a “micro-amusement park” that’s like an arcade meets 
 in the Arts District. And now, we’re ready to name our next three speakers for the event taking place April 23 and April 24.
 for GamesBeat 2019. Early bird tickets are just $595 for both days for a limited time only. For those looking for deal making, consider a VIP access pass for an additional $395 that includes access to a luxury VIP lounge, private meeting rooms, VIP lunch with yours truly, and more. And, as always, we have special pricing for a limited number of indie developers at $299.
The next batch of our many speakers are:
Our previously announced speakers include:
These new speakers will broaden out our content reach to include workplace issues in games, blockchain and cryptocurrency impacts on games, and the perspective of an Overwatch esports team owner.
Our theme this year is 
. Our speakers and guests will talk about the best practices for building sustainable and positive communities in games.
Strong communities can help boost the staying power and hit status of games, as loyal fans keep coming back over and over and spread word-of-mouth goodness about games in an authentic way. But it’s no secret that communities can be a double-edged sword, especially when it comes to topics like hazing, harassment, and rebellions against monetization tactics.
Game companies have to walk tightropes, and our hope is that GamesBeat Summit will point the way to the best strategies for building thriving communities.
GamesBeat Summit is the destination summit for networking, inspiration, and industry insight. With the right people in the room to make great deals happen, our flagship industry event attracts the hottest game developers and publishers, as well as industry CEOs, executives, marketers, and venture capitalists.
Above: Brock Pierce is a blockchain entrepreneur.
Brock Pierce is an entrepreneur and venture capitalist with an extensive track record of founding, advising, and investing in disruptive businesses. He’s been credited with pioneering the market for digital currency and has raised more than $5 billion for companies he has founded. Pierce is the chairman of the Bitcoin Foundation and cofounder of EOS Alliance, Block.one, Blockchain Capital, Tether, and Mastercoin (first ICO).
Block.one was created in 2017 and has sold more than $4 billion in tokens in the EOS crowdsale. Blockchain Capital was founded in 2013 and is the first sector-focused venture fund that invests solely in Blockchain technology companies. Blockchain Capital has made more than 100 investments in the sector across its four funds.
For our purposes, he’s also been a veteran of games. Pierce founded ZAM, one of the world’s largest media properties for gamers, which Tencent acquired in 2012. He founded IGE, the pioneer of digital currency in online games, achieving revenues exceeding $100 million in 2006. It was sold in 2007. Pierce is also a cofounder GoCoin, Blade Payments, Five Delta, Xfire 2.0, Playsino, Evertune, GamesTV, and D.E.N. 
 at a recent event in Las Vegas, where he expressed his excitement for combining blockchain and games. He’s not without controversy, but Pierce has a habit of confronting that head-on.
Above: Jen MacLean is permanent executive director of the IGDA.
As the executive director of the IGDA and IGDA Foundation, Jen MacLean works to build a more inclusive game development community and support game developers around the world in achieving sustainable, fulfilling careers.
From the start of her career as a playtester at Microprose Software, through leadership roles at AOL, Comcast, 38 Studios, and StoryArc Media, Jen has managed game development, strategy, marketing, business development, and partnerships across multiple gaming platforms.
She was named one of the “Game Industry’s 100 Most Influential Women” by Next Generation, one of the “Top 20 Women in Games” by Gamasutra, and is a frequently-requested speaker at interactive entertainment industry events. We’ve interviewed her multiple times, and she is coming into her own as a 
.
Above: Kevin Chou, CEO of Gen.G, at the Translink Capital event.
Kevin Chou is the chairman and cofounder of Gen.G, a new esports company bridging Silicon Valley technology savvy and Korean gaming preeminence. Previously known as KSV eSports (Korea + Silicon Valley), Gen.G is Chou’s second entrepreneurial venture.
Previously, Chou was CEO and co-founder of Kabam, the leader in developing console-quality mobile games. He led the company from business plan founding to more than $400 million in annual revenue. Kabam was profitable from 2012 until the sale of the company’s studios to Netmarble, 21st Century Fox, and GAEA, which in total generated nearly $1 billion in value.
Chou raised over $200 million in capital for Kabam from investors, including Alibaba, Canaan, Redpoint, Google, Intel, Time Warner, and MGM. With products that have been used by more than 300 million users, Kabam has developed leading partnerships with Marvel, Star Wars, Fast & Furious, Lord of the Rings, and Hunger Games.
Prior to founding Kabam, Chou was a venture capitalist at the VC firm Canaan Partners investing in consumer internet and digital media.
Chou graduated magna cum laude from the UC Berkeley undergraduate Haas School of Business program. He serves on the Board of Trustees at UC Berkeley.
We’re honored to have these speakers. They’ll be speaking in fireside chats on our business stage, and we’ll also figure out if they can contribute to our consumer-focused talks in a second hall.
We’ll ask them the straight questions that will prompt good debates, lessons learned, and news for the elite gaming audience.
At a lot of company-run events, we only hear happy talk. But we think that bringing the leaders of the industry together from different sectors helps refine the best thinking, and you often get wisdom from lessons that are hard learned. These kinds of talks and the chance for networking across sectors and industries is what will make our event unique in the crowded conference space.
Our event is going to be an intimate affair. And our location this year fits right with our theme. Two Bit Circus is a 40,000-square-foot playground for all ages, with entertainment that includes escape rooms, virtual reality experiences, a VIP loft, live interactive games, a robot bartender show, and modern versions of carnival games. Our attendees will be able to hear business talks in the Club 101 auditorium and consumer-focused talks in a second hall.
We’ll be taking full advantage of the environment by integrating contests and team play for all to participate in.
We’re still forming our topics around growing communities. The discussions will likely focus on the rise of virtual reality and augmented reality communities; exclusive and high-end game communities; esports communities; divided communities; massively multiplayer online worlds; the convergence of sci-fi, tech, and games; game jams; the future of game technology; monetization; the rise of influencers; and the oncoming changes from blockchain and cryptocurrency.
This is our 10th year of GamesBeat events, and this year promises to be the best one yet. Stay tuned as we announce more great speakers to our first-rate lineup.
 today announced the close of a $23 million funding round to bring its services to customers in Europe and Japan and expand sales, engineering, and customer service divisions of the company.
The RightPick platform combines proprietary machine learning-driven tech with commercially available cameras and robotic arms to complete orders by picking and sorting items in ecommerce fulfillment centers.
Currently, those items are limited to 2 kilograms, but the funding will enable advances that make it possible to lift heavier items, like laundry detergent or gallon milk jugs, a company spokesperson told VentureBeat in an email.
The funding will also be used to grow the RightHand Robotics product line further into industries like pharmaceuticals, groceries, and cosmetics.
As part of the funding news, former Kiva Systems cofounder and CEO Mick Mountz will join the company’s board of directors. 
 and is now Amazon Robotics.
RightHand Robotics was founded in May 2014 by winners of the DARPA 
 team, whose members hail from the Harvard Biorobotics Lab, GRAB Lab at Yale University, and MIT.
The $23 million round was led by Menlo Ventures, with participation from GV (formerly Google Ventures), Dream Incubator, Matrix Partners, and Playground Global.
To date, RightHand Robotics has raised $34.2 million, a company spokesperson told VentureBeat in an email.
RightHand Robotics is based in Somerville, Massachusetts near Boston and has 40 employees.
Just in time for the holidays, Google is rolling out new tools to keep your cross-country flights stress-free — or as stress-free as they can be. The Mountain View company today announced proactive flight notifications from the Google Assistant and in Google Flights, its online flight booking search service, plus more detailed fare breakdowns, search filters, and other trip-planning goodies in Google Search.
“Whether you’re coming off a holiday high or in need of relaxation after all the hustle and bustle, the beginning of the new year is a prime time to think about your next trip,” Richard Holden, vice president of product management at Google, wrote in a 
. “With the holidays approaching, many of us will travel to see family or go on a vacation.”
The first of the new features concerns 
, which Google rolled out earlier this year. The search giant says that — thanks to a combination of historic flight status and sophisticated machine learning — it is 85 percent confident in predicting flights that will eventually be delayed before the airlines confirm such delays. Starting this week, the Google Assistant will now show if a flight you’ve booked is expected to be delayed when you ask things like “Hey Google, is my flight on time?” You can check the status of other flights, too, specifying the airline, origin, and destination: “Hey Google, what’s the status of the American Airlines flight from Philadelphia to Denver?”
Additionally, Google says that over the next few weeks the Google Assistant will begin sending proactive notifications if Google Flights predicts a delay, along with an explanation of what caused the delay and when it might be resolved.
That’s not all that’s heading to Google Flights. Way back in January, Google began highlighting which services and amenities were 
 included with budget tickets across airlines like Delta, American Airlines, and United Airlines. Now, it’ll show which fares include a free carry-on bag. And when you’re searching for domestic flights in the U.S., you can filter to include checked bag fees.
Last, but not least, building on the historic flight price trend tool Google released earlier this year — alongside a top cities and activities explorer — a new trip-planning feature will show upcoming holiday and school breaks. And when you type a query like “things to do” into Google, you’ll see “popular experiences” — like sporting events or hiking — in a recently redesigned search UI with granular search filters, or on a map.
Brian Witlin, CEO of Yummly, calls the service the ultimate decision engine for food by using personalization, powered by AI, machine learning, and a lot of data science, to answer the question “what’s for dinner?” before it’s even asked.
“That’s part of the magic of personalization,” Witlin says. “Answering people’s questions before they need to ask them.”
One of the things that Yummly tries to convey to users right out the gate is that the more you share with the site, the better your experience is, since that information is leveraged specifically to help users, and is not collected with any ulterior agenda. And users are sophisticated enough today to fully understand that value proposition and be happy to share.
“People are willing to fill out a fairly lengthy onboarding process because they know that at the end of it, they’ll get personalized results,” he explains.
The company has spent quite a lot of time designing their onboarding process to eliminate that taking-a-survey feeling, he says, focusing on user testing and iteration to ensure the experience is fun, playful, and engaging. In fact, it’s now used as a reference both at Google and Apple as an example of a best-in-show onboarding experience, which helps create a personal connection with their users.
“Getting these inputs, conveying to people that they’re going to get a great experience, the better the information they share, and giving them instant gratification at the end of that, creates this virtuous cycle,” Witlin says. “Now we can ask other types of questions because we’ve already built that level of trust with our users, and they see the benefit in the usage of the product. The first time you use Yummly, it feels personalized to you, and it gets better and better as you use it.”
That’s because AI is front and center in the product, he explains.
As soon as a new user goes through onboarding, they’ll land on a page of recipe suggestions that are personalized to them. If they’re a vegetarian and they don’t eat peanuts and are allergic to milk, they’ll be presented only with things that meet those preferences. When they search, they’ll get subsequent optional questions to help them narrow their search, and those questions are constantly changing, being tuned by an AI system to essentially ask the best questions for any query.
It’s training itself and getting better and better with every interaction with people, Witlin explains, because it can see if someone skips a question or if they go back, which might indicate that a question may not be as useful as another question, so a new one will get swapped in, and the system gets smarter.
That’s also true for services like Pandora, Netflix, and 
, where the more you use them, the better they get  — it’s a symbiotic relationship that is fairly clear to users. But some companies don’t necessarily have that benefit right out of the gate — for instance, a retail clothing site.
“You just have to go the extra mile,” he says. “I think it could start with just surveying existing users and seeing if there are patterns in things they like.”
First, explicit input: What are the types of products you like? What are you interested in? What’s your style? But then you may find that there are purchase patterns in your typical shoppers. And you can segment these into different archetypes, which might lead to questions that may not seem directly relevant, but end up predicting what people may want to see, depending on the season, depending on how trendy or classic they are, or how formal versus informal.
The end goal might be to present to customers a curated set of products that you think they’ll like in a feed, or delivered by email, in order to help customers find things as quickly as possible, and potentially even find pieces that go really well together, which can be based on what other people have purchased collectively.
“By conveying that in some elegant and simple way to the end user, someone might say, ‘I’m willing to tell a store about my style,'” Witlin explains. “I’ll tell them whether I’m big into camping, or if I have to dress up for work, what my job is. Because that’s all going to inform this greater good of helping me, the customer, get to what I want. Even sometimes helping me be inspired without even needing to search for that particular item.”
At Yummly, the goal is to go beyond what most recipe sites offer, which is generally a search field where a user can type “chicken,” because they need a recipe, and they get back a huge list, but still don’t know what they want to make. In Yummly, once you type in chicken, it might say, do you want sweet, salty, or spicy chicken? How much time do you have?
“We ask questions to narrow down,” he explains. “That’s something that can also be leveraged by pretty much any service interacting with customers to continuously improve their experience.”
This kind of carefully constructed personalization has also boosted their monetization efforts, Witlin says. The focus has gone from advertising to developing a monetization model that aligns with the user experience, working with brands it in a way that’s purposeful and useful to the end consumer.
That includes marketing emails in which Yummly recommends kitchen gadgets and tools, which, he notes, seems very disparate from finding a recipe. Initially, when they tested it, it was unclear whether they’d actually be looked at as experts in this arena, or if their recommendations would be trusted. Spoiler alert: they are.
“In fact, because we’ve built that rapport with people, and we’re showing them something in a simple, curated way, people will use our emails and purchase a lot of the items that we showcase,” Witlin says. “We’ve seen our influence has massive impact for brands who are selling on Amazon. They have a huge spike in traffic. Sometimes we’ve seen things completely sell out due to what we reference in our emails.”
Though Yummly doesn’t work with the freemium model, Witlin says it does work well for personalized services, particularly when you’re asking your users for consistent feedback to continue to increase the accuracy of their results.
“They’ve already invested their time, and if they see it working, then they’ll be able to see the unique value that your company brings to the table,” he says. “That’s a really great time to say, hey, by the way, if you pay this monthly subscription, you’ll get these added benefits, or the elimination of advertising, or you’ll have the ability to do this extra level of personalization, or you can add other people to the service. You can find ways to upsell them to other services.”
To learn more about the revenue and marketing opportunities that personalization can unlock, how to avoid or eliminate the potential for creepiness, and more, don’t miss this VB Live event!
Japan’s 
s has acquired 
, an internet video company that provides 
 for independent video publishers.
Tokyo-based FreakOut Holdings is a digital advertising company that was founded in 2010 by Yuzuru Honda. It now has subsidiaries in 16 countries throughout the Asia Pacific region, and it offers programmatic advertising technology that expands access to advertising demand for its customer base.
Deerfield, Florida-based Playwire serves six billion video and display ads a month to its 450 web site partners using Playwire’s proprietary Complete Monetization Platform and Revenue Intelligence technology. Jayson Dubin, CEO of Playwire, described Playwire in the past as an 
.
Through its purchase of Playwire, FreakOut will unlock access to English-speaking markets throughout the globe, while Playwire benefits from FreakOut’s premium Asian media partners. Additionally, the purchase brings complementary technology from each company together, forging a unique digital advertising supply chain that guarantees optimal advertising revenue for web publishers.
Above: Playwire has its Complete Monetization Platform for mid-tier video publishers.
“I’m thrilled that this acquisition allows Playwire to share its innovative technology and reach with a larger global audience,” said Dubin, who will continue to manage the day-to-day operations of the company, in a statement. “By joining forces with our Asian counterpart FreakOut, we have become one of the largest global media and technology companies in the world for digital advertising. We look forward to working together with the FreakOut team to create strategic synergies by mutually leveraging our group assets across North America, Europe, and Asia.”
The companies said they share a vision of letting web publishers do what they do best – create great content – by freeing publishers from the ever-increasing technical complexities of implementing digital advertising.
Through the intelligent use of technology, the companies promote brand safety, protect against fraud, and locate ads that deliver the best experience for the advertiser, publisher, and viewer.
“We are excited to have Playwire as part of our group and are committed to boost growth worldwide,” said Handa San, FreakOut CEO, in a statement. “With the full resources of both FreakOut and Playwire, we will build our presence in a global market together.”
The deal was brokered by Bankers DCS Advisory and the law firm of Willkie Farr & Gallagher. Dubin founded the company as Intergi Entertainment in 2007, and it was rebranded Playwire in 2014. Playwire has 75 employees, and Dubin said the company will retain them all. To date, Playwire raised $800,000.
As for the timing, Dubin said in an email, “We decided to sell to help the early investors get a liquidity event, as well as find a company similar to Playwire that could help us grow both from a tech offering but also bring us into global markets we were currently not servicing.”
      
    
  
HAYWARD, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 17, 2018–
      Ripcord, the world’s first robotic digitization company dedicated to       creating a truly paperless workplace, today announced the appointment of       three industry experts to their senior leadership team – Patrick Dennis,       Ahson Ahmad and Jason Likins. With nearly four decades of combined       experience with companies including EMC, Oracle, Dell and Quest       Software, all three are former executives from OpenText, a Ripcord       competitor. Ripcord’s recruitment of these highly experienced industry       professionals ensures it continues on its rapid growth trajectory as it       helps customers digitalize their paper assets, enriching their data to       drive intelligence automation and integration.    
      Dennis joins the Ripcord Board of Directors and will also serve as an       Executive Consultant. He consults with founders, boards, and private       equity firms about strategic planning, restructuring, growth and capital       requirements. Dennis is a two-time public company CEO. Recently, he       served as President and CEO of Guidance Software, which was ultimately       acquired by OpenText. He also held a position as Chief Operating Officer       at EMC’s Enterprise and Mid-Range Storage Division and Cloud Management       Division. At Ripcord, he will use his expertise to help with long-range       planning and the overall growth strategy.    
      Ahmad joins Ripcord as Executive Vice President of Product and Chief       Product Officer. At OpenText, he served as Head of Product Management of       the company’s cloud platform. Prior to that he was head of product for       cloud at Alfresco and EMC/Documentum. With a pedigree of technical       expertise, Ahmad is a passionate technologist with a reputation for       building new key platforms that alter markets and drive growth to       disrupt legacy markets. His role at Ripcord is to develop and build       innovation within the company’s product range.    
      Likins joins Ripcord as Vice President of Product Management. In his       previous role at OpenText, Likins served as Vice President of Product       Management for the company’s portfolio business unit, where he was       responsible for managing 11 product units, over 60 product lines and 105       employees, generating hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue. His       role is to define the vision and go-to-market strategy for Ripcord based       on market, customer and competitive analysis.    
      All three new executives will play a key part in helping to align market       and technology trends with Ripcord’s competencies and DNA to disrupt the       market with compelling products and solutions.    
      “Ripcord promotes a culture of innovation, and we are delighted to have       secured the services of Patrick, Ahson and Jason, who are all highly       experienced and respected industry innovators,” commented Alex Fielding,       interim CEO, Ripcord. “They will play a key role in driving our       strategic product development and delivery strategy to build on our       leadership in robotic process automation.”    
      “Over the past few years, it’s been exciting to watch Ripcord emerge as       a disruptive robotic digitization company. With a mission to take the       world paperless – Ripcord is helping revolutionize digital       transformation for its customers,” said Wen Hsieh, Ripcord Board Member       and General Partner at Kleiner Perkins. “The addition of these three       very experienced executives will allow Ripcord to accelerate its       commercial momentum.”    
      Likins and Ahmad will also participate in a webinar Dec. 20 on the       future of robotic digitalization. For more information, visit: 
.    
      
    
      Ripcord is transforming the $25-billion records management industry       through robots that scan, index and categorize paper records, making       them searchable on the cloud and integrated into existing enterprise       systems. Ripcord is based in Hayward, Calif. and has raised $65 million       from leading investors including Kleiner Perkins, Google Ventures,       Baidu, Lux Capital, Silicon Valley Bank, Steve Wozniak, Legend Star, and       Icon Ventures. To learn more about Ripcord: 
 and       follow the company on Twitter @getripcord.    
      Emily Gallagher
Touchdown PR
512-373-8500    
Alphabet’s in-house incubator, 
, has revealed that it is opening up its artificial intelligence (AI)-powered abuse-detection technology to more languages, starting with Spanish.
Anyone who has spent time reading the comments section on websites will know all too well that they can be unpleasant places, with abuse and trolling comments commonplace. That is why Google’s Counter Abuse Technology team collaborated with Jigsaw last year to launch 
, an API for publishers to use on their platforms that automatically detects toxic comments. “Toxic” is defined as: “… a rude, disrespectful, or unreasonable comment that is likely to make you leave a discussion.”
Perspective 
, and it later expanded to other outlets, including the 
, the 
, and Wikipedia. Now Jigsaw said it’s working with Spanish-language newspaper 
 to “improve conversations” on its website.
“This represents the first time that Perspective, technology that uses machine learning to spot abuse, is being used to analyze comments in Spanish,” Jigsaw’s Marie Pellat and Patricia Georgiou wrote in a 
.
Jigsaw said in the coming months it will open up Perspective’s Spanish-language machine learning smarts to developers to “use and experiment with,” while over the next year it plans to expand Perspective to cover additional languages.
In a nutshell, Perspective is trained via a human-generated database of comments that have already been labeled as toxic. The Perspective API essentially allows publishers to connect their own comments systems to this database, with Perspective rating each comment based on how similar it is to previously flagged comments.
Above: Perspective
Perspective is designed to work in tandem with human moderators, as it automatically sorts comments by their toxicity score, making it easy to start by approving or deleting comments with the highest ratings.
Interestingly, Perspective can also be a useful tool for commenters, giving them real-time feedback on how likely their comment is to be perceived as toxic. So if someone types a profanity-laden response to an article, they can see before they hit “publish” how likely their comment is to contravene community guidelines. And that is exactly how 
 is using it.
  
SHANGHAI & SAN JOSE, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 17, 2018–
      NIO Inc. (“NIO” or the “Company”) (NYSE: NIO), a pioneer in China’s       premium electric vehicle market, launched the NIO ES6 on December 15,       2018 during the annual NIO Day celebration. This high-performance       long-range intelligent electric SUV starts at a pre-subsidy price of       358,000 RMB, and is available now for public pre-order via the NIO app,       with delivery to start in June 2019.    
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: 
Aluminum alloy and carbon fiber compose the vehicle body (Graphic: Business Wire)  
      
    
      The NIO ES6 boasts high performance. It features dual motors in       conjunction with an intelligent electric all-wheel-drive system       delivering output power of up to 400 kW (544 hp), peak torque of 725 Nm       and 0-100 km/h acceleration in as little as 4.7 seconds.    
      The ES6 boasts excellent braking performance, decelerating from 100-0       km/h in just 33.9 meters.    
      High-performance independent suspension, Continuous Damping Control       (CDC), intelligent electric all-wheel drive come standard, and users       also have the option of equipping vehicle with next-gen active air       suspension. Drivers can also switch between multiple driving modes,       bringing a comfortable and enjoyable experience.    
      The ES6 sports the only body design with a hybrid structure of aluminum       alloy and carbon fiber in its class. It’s composed of 91% aluminum       throughout the vehicle, with innovative use of aircraft-grade 7 Series       aluminum. Structural elements made of high-strength carbon fiber make       the ES6 lighter and more solid.    
      An overall torsional stiffness of 44,930 Nm/degree is the highest among       production SUVs globally.    
      
    
      The ES6 is the world’s first SUV equipped with a combination of       permanent magnet and induction motors, which allows for power and       endurance alike. The front permanent magnet motor delivers power of up       to 160 kW, peak torque of 305 Nm and an energy conversion rate of 97%;       the rear induction motor delivers 240 kW and 420 Nm and contributes to       fast acceleration.    
      The 84-kWh liquid-cooled thermostatic battery pack, optional across the       range, features world-class NCM 811 cathode material and energy density       of up to 170 Wh/kg.    
      The ES6 features an excellent lightweight design and drag coefficient Cd       of only 0.28 which both contribute to a combined range of up to 510 km.    
      As NIO Power continues to expand, the combination of home charging,       mobile charging vehicles, battery swap stations and the One Touch       Charging service will further ease user concerns in regards to range.    
      
    
      The NIO digital cockpit built on the NOMI in-car artificial intelligence       (AI) system is integrated with a speech-based interactive system. An       upgraded HUD, digital instrument cluster and 11.3 inch second-generation       multitouch screen put all vehicle information at the users’ fingertips.    
      ES6 features pre-installed NIO Pilot hardware, including a Mobileye       EyeQ4 chip and 23 sensors. NIO Pilot supports over 20 functions covering       typical scenarios of car use in China. Functions can be upgraded over       time via firmware-over-the-air (FOTA).    
      An intelligent fragrancing system offers four different fragrances for a       more pleasant occupant experience. This optional system interacts with       the vehicle’s other systems for automatic paring with different user       accounts and situations.    
      The ES6 is equipped with Lion, a high-performance intelligent gateway       enabling data exchange and remote upgrading via FOTA. Additionally, the       Dragon security architecture offers a matrix-like firewall to enhance       data security and protect user privacy.    
      
    
      The ES6 has a length of 4,850 mm, a width of 1,965 mm, a height of 1,768       mm and a wheelbase of 2,900 mm, bringing a comfortably large space.    
      This new model continues the NIO family design language. The X-bar       across the front end is in the same color as that of the body,       integrating with the sweeping turning lights and smoky daytime running       lights. This, plus the low-drag grille, tilted D pillars, sharp and       straight window lines, more streamlined heartbeat taillights and rear       shark fin style reflector design, highlights stylishness and sportiness.    
      The newly designed sport seats and multifunctional leather steering       wheel add to the interior’s sporty atmosphere. The microfiber headliner,       Nappa leather upholstery and unique Eclipse Chrome trim throughout the       interior underscore technology and refinement.    
      
    
      In 2019, NIO plans to fully upgrade three service systems, namely, NIO       House, NIO Service and NIO Power. It also plans to open 70 NIO Houses       and pop-up NIO Houses by the end of the same year. Depending on user       needs, NIO will also set up more battery swap stations for expressways.    
      In addition to the G4 Expressway battery swap network, NIO has partly       finished building the battery swap network for the G2 Beijing-Shanghai       Expressway and the G15 Shenyang-Haikou Expressway, which are both soon       to be completed.    
      NIO has built a nationwide support network. By 2019, it plans to open       over 300 service outlets to further enhance its ability to offer       services.    
      
    
      The ES6 is available in two versions – the Standard Version and the       Performance Version. NIO users can now choose from the battery plan and       receive a 100,000 RMB discount off of the price of the vehicle. The       price of the battery plan is 1,660 RMB per month. In addition, NIO also       released a ES6 Premier Edition with a limited quantity of 6,000.       Priority deliveries are targeted to begin in June 2019. Every ES6 is       customized and made to order. Starting today, ES6 is available on the       NIO APP.    
            
          
            
          
            
          
            
          
            
          
      
    
      NIO Inc. is a pioneer in China’s premium electric vehicle market,       founded in November 2014. NIO’s mission is to shape a joyful lifestyle       by offering premium smart electric vehicles and being the best user       enterprise. NIO designs, jointly manufactures, and sells smart and       connected premium electric vehicles, driving innovations in next       generation technologies in connectivity, autonomous driving and       artificial intelligence. Redefining the user experience, NIO provides       users with comprehensive, convenient and innovative charging solutions       and other user-centric services. NIO began deliveries of the ES8, a       7-seater high performance premium electric SUV in China from June       2018 and officially launched the ES6, a 5-seater high-performance       premium electric SUV, on NIO Day, December 15, 2018.    
      
    
      
Twitter:       @NIOGlobal
Facebook:@NIOGlobal
Instagram: nioglobal
Linkedin:       NIO    
      
US
    
      
Germany
    
      
UK
    
      
China
    
One of the 
 biggest additions was support for 
, a feature that officially became 
 to U.S. users this month. Now third-party developer RocketBody claims it will be the first to use that ECG data in an Apple Watch workout app, though there’s a key practical caveat.
RocketBody pitches itself as an AI-powered solution to help determine when a body is at the perfect time to work out, a state of metabolism the company calls “supercompensation.” Initially, RocketBody launched 
 and 
 campaigns for a $200 ECG-measuring wearable and AI personal trainer app, but with the release of the Apple Watch Series 4, the company believes it can use Apple’s ECG data for the same purpose.
The company tells VentureBeat that it will use four Apple Watch ECG readings per day to let its AI system determine the current state of a user’s metabolism: one reading each before sleep, after sleep, before training, and after training. Each reading provides two points on the metabolism curve, which RocketBody says can be analyzed to indirectly determine a heart’s aerobic and anaerobic processes.
But since Apple doesn’t offer an open API to get ECG data — and each ECG is only collected when a user presses a fingertip on the Series 4’s Digital Crown — users will need to stop and take each day’s four readings manually, then forward each one to the company’s mobile app. Rocketbody says its app will take the same ECG reports that would normally go to your doctor via the “Send your ECG to your doctor” forwarding route, and instead give users the option to “Send the ECG to your AI trainer.”
The company says the app will carry a weekly price tag, as well: $4.99. That’s a pretty steep cost to track one’s metabolism, particularly given the inconvenience of multiple manual readings every day.
Granted, that’s not all the app does. In addition to promising AI-powered data analysis, RocketBody claims that its software will offer real-time workout coaching, personalized diet and workout plans, and measurements of the user’s sleep and stress. If you’re interested in checking it out for yourself, 
 will go live on December 18.
In the first part of the year, major tech companies — including 
 and 
 — indicated that they were getting too big for Silicon Valley and wanted to add jobs in other parts of the country. This generated considerable excitement in the Heartland — could the trend lead to more jobs and businesses in local communities?
But what this year has shown is that most communities shouldn’t rely on a big business opening an office next door to get a better selection of tech jobs. Many of these behemoths are still only eyeing a select few cities for expansion. To borrow from 
 — the rest won’t rise equally.
First, the good news from this year: Tech companies built in the Heartland are proving they’re well worth the investment. Multiple exits happening here are making Sand Hill Road investors envious, like Cisco’s purchase of Ann Arbor’s Duo Security for 
, SAP’s acquisition of Provo’s 
 for $8 billion, and IPOs from 
 and SendGrid (the latter of which was 
). These companies now employ hundreds of thousands of people in their respective cities, generating a diverse mix of tech jobs.
These exits have also made some investors more receptive to investing in Heartland startups with the potential to power local economies, and at earlier stages than would have been the case in the past. Just take a look at Ann Arbor startup Censys, which this month announced a 
, led by GV and Greylock. Even 10 years ago, a company like Censys may have gotten money from Silicon Valley investors — but only after bootstrapping for a decade.
Other cities are starting to prove that they have not just one or two high-flying startups, but a solid pipeline of mid- to early-stage players with the potential to become tentpole companies for their communities. In Columbus, 
, while the 
.
Yet no saga proved just how far the Heartland has to go to attract tech talent than that of Amazon HQ2.
Sure, maybe it would have been detrimental for Amazon to come into a place like Pittsburgh or Indianapolis and suck up all the available talent, leaving no one left for the startups. But the fact that Amazon, after a nationwide search, 
 — already financial and government strongholds — makes me concerned about the Heartland’s ability to meaningfully contend with coastal cities’ grip on tech jobs.
It’s not just Amazon. Time and time again, when I hear about companies touting the fact that they’re “adding more people outside the Valley,” it’s in places like Seattle, Austin, or Denver, with the occasional Atlanta or Nashville thrown in when they want a presence in the South. These are all great tech hubs in their own right, but they’re not the only ones.
It’s an uphill battle. But I think the big exits that Ann Arbor and Salt Lake City are seeing — coupled with the heat New York City and Washington, D.C. are taking for forking over billions of dollars in subsidies to Amazon — are a sign that investing in local tech communities is better than trying to import jobs from the coasts.
The need to make those investments is only getting more urgent — 
 is continuing to add jobs at a faster rate than other U.S metro areas. Investing in more Heartland startups isn’t guaranteed to reverse that consolidation of resources and even out economic advantage. But I think it’s one of the only ways for cities to keep their destiny in their own hands and ensure their tech jobs come from a healthy mix of companies.
 has been the focus of talk in the Nintendo world since it December 7 launch for Switch. The fighting game has already become a big hit, selling 1.2 million copies in Japan alone in just three days. While most of the Smash Bros. discussion focuses on strategies, character tier lists, and online multiplayer problems, today we can look at something a bit less serious: a hilarious glitch.
As discovered by YouTuber 
 in the video above, if two players using Isabelle (the mayoral assistant from Animal Crossing that’s also one of Ultimate’s new characters) try to use her fish hook ability just moments apart from each other on an Assist Trophy, than the one Isabelle will start spawning the assist character repeatedly.
Assist Trophies are items that summon characters into the match. These aren’t normal Smash Bros. roster fighters; they’re other video game stars, like Zero from Mega Man X and Waluigi from the Mario series. Typically, you summon one of them, then the character runs around (or floats … or sings … or whatever they do) for a bit before disappearing.
With this glitch, the screen fills up with assist characters. So if you ever wanted a match with hundreds of Pac-Man ghosts filling the screen, you can make that dream come true.
Nintendo releases regular patches for Super Smash Bros. Ultimate, so this glitch will likely be fixed. That’s almost too bad, as the circumstances for pulling this off are specific enough that you’d probably never do it unless you were trying to. So, if you want to see the glitch in action on your own game, I’d try it sooner rather than later.
Researchers at Amazon have managed to improve Alexa’s ability to choose third-party apps, or skills, by using a novel data representation technique. In a 
 and accompanying paper (“
 and Slots in Spoken Language Understanding”), Young-Bum Kim, an Amazon science leader in the Seattle company’s Alexa AI division, and team describe a scheme devised for natural language tasks that can cut Alexa’s skill selection error rate by 40 percent.
Their work will be presented at the IEEE Spoken Language Technologies conference in Athens, Greece later this month, and comes on the heels of 
 last week that was shown to improve Alexa’s speech recognition up to 15 percent.
“In recent years, data representation has emerged as an important research topic within machine learning,” Kim wrote. “Natural language understanding (NLU) systems, for instance, rarely take raw text as inputs. Rather, they take embeddings, data representations that preserve semantic information about the text but present it in a consistent, formalized way. Using embeddings rather than raw text has been shown time and again to improve performance on particular NLU tasks.”
The new representation method takes advantage of the way Alexa handles requests. As Kim explains, Alexa categorizes requests first by their subject area, or domain (for example, music or weather), and next by intent, or the intended action. Finally, they’re classified according to slot type — the entity defining how Alexa recognizes and handles data. (A skill that uses the actor slot type might query filmographies with the names of supplied actors and actresses, for example.)
Kim and coauthors leveraged the natural hierarchy of classifications to build an AI model that produces slot representations, intent representations, and domain representations. It’s a multistep process. First, utterances are passed through what the researchers call a “de-lexicalizer,” which substitutes generic slot names for slot-values. (A command like “play ‘Nice for What’ by Drake” becomes “play SongName by SongArtist.”) Those slot-values move onto an embedding layer that converts them into vectors — mathematical representations — such that words with similar meanings are clustered together.
The embeddings are then passed to a bidirectional long short term memory (LSTM) network, a category of recurrent neural networks capable of learning long-term dependencies. As Kim notes, it’s an architecture widely used in NLP because of its knack for learning to “interpret words in light of their positions in a sentence.”
All told, the researchers trained the AI system on 246,000 utterances covering 17 domains.
To test its precision, they used its encodings as inputs to a two-stage skill selection system. In experiments, it not only boosted accuracy from 90 percent to 94 percent, according to Kim, but managed to outperform three similar systems of their own design.
“We test our scheme on the vital task of skill selection, or determining which Alexa skill among thousands should handle a given customer request,” she wrote. “We find that our scheme cuts the skill selection error rate [substantially], which should help make customer interactions with Alexa more natural and satisfying.”
Though Apple’s latest iPhones shipped with 
, U.S. carriers weren’t fully ready to support the feature until 
 Now that 
 and AT&T have introduced iPhone eSIM support, third-place U.S. carrier T-Mobile is joining the party — and using the opportunity to pitch its competitors’ customers to switch networks.
 enables most unlocked 
, 
 devices to instantly add a line of T-Mobile service. Three prepaid plans are offered as options, including a $30, 1,000-minute talk/2GB data plan valid for 21 days, a $40 monthly unlimited talk/10GB data plan, and a $70 monthly unlimited T-Mobile One talk and data plan. The first plan is aimed at tourists who want to quickly add U.S. service via eSIM while preserving their foreign physical SIM cards.
Once the plan is selected, a new T-Mobile phone number is displayed on screen and confirmed via email. Assuming both physical and electronic SIMs are in use at the same time, iOS 12.1.1 will then display a dual cellular signal strength indicator at the top right of the screen. Existing T-Mobile customers can use the SIMs’ separate phone numbers to divide work and personal calls, or effectively merge two phones into one.
What’s interesting is that T-Mobile is using the app as a chance to win over Verizon, AT&T, and Sprint customers as well. The app opens with T-Mobile’s pitch as “America’s fastest network,” and the company says that it’s giving rivals’ users the chance to “take the Un-carrier out for a test drive.” On average, 
 is slightly faster than Verizon’s, but well ahead of both AT&T and Sprint across many U.S. states, conceivably offering customers superior performance at lower prices.
When T-Mobile was first attempting to win over iPhone customers years ago, it offered a 
 that sent prospective customers full iPhones with complimentary data service, so people could see how the company’s signal strength and speeds held up where they lived and worked. With an unlocked phone and the eSIM app, that process could be as simple as issuing new customers promo codes for data service — assuming it wants to take that step.
The T-Mobile eSIM app is available now in the iOS App Store as a 
. It’s also listed as compatible with iPads and iPod touches, but for obvious reasons will be most useful on 2018 and later iPhones. An unlocked iPhone XR, iPhone XS, or iPhone XS Max sold outside of mainland China is required; for legal reasons, eSIMs are not included in Chinese iPhones.
One of my favorite headsets ever was the 
. Specifically, I dug the 
 that had the built-in USB connector. By swapping out the included mic for a noise-cancelling upgrade, I had a really decent headset that was excellent for communicating and even for recording voice. The Elite Pro served as my microphone for most of the first 80 episodes of the GamesBeat Decides podcast
So I was looking forward to the 
, which is 
. And it mostly lives up to its predecessor. At the same time, it also surprised me with some neat new features that set it apart from many of its competitors.
The Turtle Beach Elite Pro 2’s sound as nice as the previous generation. They use the same 50nm drivers that provide full sound through the mid range with clarity on the high end. Bass will never rattle your brain, but the low tones do create a noticeable and pleasant thumping.
As with most Turtle Beach gear, it has tuned the Elite Pro 2 for gaming and communicating. That means it’s easy to distinguish what is happening in a chaotic multiplayer match while also hearing what your teammates are saying.
I tested the Elite Pro 2 that comes with the SuperAmp, which adds a lot more oomph to the headset. It makes the headset capable of producing louder sound without losing clarity.
The Elite Pro 2 is also the exact kind of comfortable that I want from a quality gaming headset. It uses a soft gelatin material in its cups to create a cushiony sensation wear it grips around your ears. And it also holds in place securely without bouncing around.
Turtle Beach’s headsets are also the best if you wear glasses while gaming. Each earcup has a special well that molds softly around the temples to ensure they don’t gouge into your head. But at the same time, this recession maintains a seal to prevent sound from leaking in or out.
But great sound and comfort are standard for a $250 headset. If I’m paying that much money for a personal audio device I’m going to use all day, however, I want some extras. And Turtle Beach delivers that in the form of its app and smart Bluetooth support.
Turtle Beach realizes that even if you’re gaming casually, competitively, or even streaming, you’re probably going to have your phone right by you. To that end, the company has put most of the Elite Pro 2’s controls in an app you can get for iOS or Android.
With this app, you can select your sound profile, control the audio mix, and the level of your mic volume and monitor. The Turtle Beach app looks and feels barebones, but that’s a good thing. It loads quickly and gives you only what you need.
But then you don’t need to just set down your phone and forget about it. You can hit a button on the side of the SuperAmp to activate Bluetooth. This enables you to connect your phone directly to the Elite Pro 2. Using this feature you can hear your phones notifications and phone calls.
I’ve been using it as a separate audio device to play music and podcasts while I’m playing a game. This is so convenient because that is how I listen to podcasts and music 95 percent of the time. So I can quickly jump into a game without having to open Spotify in the background. And then I can also just pick up my phone to control its volume independent of the game audio.
It’s a great feature that sets the Elite Pro 2 apart and makes me want to keep using it.
The microphone on the Elite Pro 2 is great. It is. It is clear even if it makes your voice sound compressed. The problem is that it just doesn’t match the quality of the optional noise-canceling mic that you could get for the original Elite Pro.
You can hear how the Elite Pro 2 compares to some other microphones below:
But the Elite Pro 2 not matching an add-on for the original is something that only I care about. But I loved that setup so much that I can’t help but bring it up here.
The only issue that you may encounter with this mic is that it’s quiet. Its audio processing is so aggressive that it just makes your voice seem small. This may make it difficult to stream with, and I probably wouldn’t use it for recording voiceover like I did with the original.
Turtle Beach’s Elite Pro 2 has a lot of competition at the $250 price range. I really like the Astro A50, which are wireless. I also think the SteelSeries Arctis Pro + GameDAC is pretty comparable — although I find the SteelSeries design pretty uncomfortable.
But if you don’t want to go wireless with the A50, then I would recommend the Elite Pro 2. It has excellent audio and comfort, and it’s really great for ensuring you can stay tapped into your phone over long gaming sessions.
Breaking with its tradition of extensively testing beta versions of its operating systems, Apple today released iOS 12.1.2 only a week after the first beta version. In addition to fixing bugs discovered in 
, the rapid release is likely Apple’s way of rapidly responding to a Chinese ban on certain iPhone models, brought about by a Qualcomm patent suit in China.
iOS 12.1.2 is a “point point” release for Apple, which typically indicates that only minor changes have been made to the operating system from the major release of 
 and the prior point release of 
. That said, its immediate predecessor, iOS 12.1.1, was atypically feature-laden for a point point release, including iPhone synchronization support for Apple Watch Series 4 ECG functionality, improved iPhone XR and iPhone XS support for eSIM, and dual SIM functionality. Both features had been announced in September, but they weren’t fully functional until December.
According to release notes seen by 
, iOS 12.1.2 will fix bugs with eSIM activation for the iPhone XR and iPhone XS models, as well as an issue that “could affect cellular connectivity in Turkey” with those phones. Apple has also indicated that it would release an iOS update early this week to address infringements of Qualcomm patents, making minor modifications to image and app management features.
iOS 12.1.2 is in the process of hitting Apple’s servers now, and will be rolling out to users over the next few hours. It’s a free download from the Settings > General > Software Update feature in iOS 12, and will be pushed to devices with Automatic Updates turned on later in the day.
(
) — Qualcomm said it believes Apple remains 
 despite 
.
Qualcomm on December 10 said it had won a preliminary court order in China 
. The same day, Apple said that all of its phones remained on sale in China.
But on December 14, Apple said that it would push a software update to its iPhones this week. The Cupertino, California-based company said it believed it was in compliance with the court’s orders but that it would update its software “to address any possible concern about our compliance with the order.”
The update was pushed on Monday, Apple confirmed to Reuters.
“Despite Apple’s efforts to downplay the significance of the order and its claims of various ways it will address the infringement, Apple apparently continues to flout the legal system by violating the injunctions,” Don Rosenberg, Qualcomm’s general counsel, told Reuters in a statement on Monday.
Apple never publicly commented last week on why or how it believed its current iPhones for sale in China complied with the court’s order, which concerned patents on software features for switching between apps on a smart phone and resizing photos before setting them as a wallpaper on a phone.
Several media outlets, including CNBC, reported that Apple believed the court’s orders applied only to iPhones running older versions of its iOS operating system. But the court’s orders, a copy of which Qualcomm provided to Reuters, made no mention of operating systems and focused only on software features.
“Apple’s statements following the issuance of the preliminary injunction have been deliberate attempts to obfuscate and misdirect,” Qualcomm’s Rosenberg said in a statement on Monday.
Qualcomm believes Apple is still in violation of the court’s orders because Apple continues to sell phones and has not received an explicit order from the Chinese court allowing it to do so.
“They are legally obligated to immediately cease sales, offers for sale and importation of the devices identified in the orders and to prove compliance in court,” Rosenberg told Reuters in Dec. 14 in a statement.
Asked by Reuters about Qualcomm’s statements, Apple reiterated its earlier statements that it believes it is in compliance with the court order.
Forecasting 
. Detecting 
. Generating 
. Creating 
. Identifying 
. Defeating 
 and expert 
. And 
.
That’s just a sampling of artificial intelligent (AI) systems’ achievements in 2018, and evidence of how rapidly the field is advancing. At the current pace of change, analysts at the McKinsey Global Institute predict that, in the U.S. alone, AI will help to capture 20-25 percent in net economic benefits (equating to $13 trillion globally) in the next 12 years.
Some of the most impressive work has arisen from the study of deep neural networks (DNNs), a category of machine learning architecture based on data representations. They’re loosely modeled on the brain: DNNs comprise artificial neurons (i.e., mathematical functions) connected with synapses that transmit signals to other neurons. Said neurons are arranged in layers, and those signals — the product of data, or inputs, fed into the DNN — travel from layer to layer and slowly “tune” the DNN by adjusting the synaptic strength — weights — of each neural connection. Over time, after hundreds or even millions of cycles, the network extracts features from the dataset and identifies trends across samples, eventually learning to make novel predictions.
It was only three decades ago that a foundational weight-calculating technique — backpropagation — was detailed in a monumental paper (“
“) authored by David Rumelhart, Geoffrey Hinton, and Ronald Williams. Backpropagation, aided by increasingly cheaper, more robust computer hardware, has enabled monumental leaps in computer vision, natural language processing, machine translation, drug design, and material inspection, where some DNNs have produced results superior to human experts.
So are DNNs the harbinger of superintelligent robots? Demis Hassabis doesn’t believe so — and he would know. He’s the cofounder of DeepMind, a London-based machine learning startup founded with the mission of applying insights from neuroscience and computer science toward the creation of artificial general intelligence (AGI) — in other words, systems that could successfully perform any intellectual task that a human can.
“There’s still much further to go,” he told VentureBeat at the NeurIPS 2018 conference in Montreal in early December. “Games or board games are quite easy in some ways because the transition model between states is very well-specified and easy to learn. Real-world 3D environments and the real world itself is much more tricky to figure out … but it’s important if you want to do planning.”
Hassabis — a chess prodigy and University of Cambridge graduate who early in his career worked as lead programmer on video games 
 and 
 — studied neuroscience at the University College London, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and Harvard University, where he coauthored research on the autobiographical memory and episodic memory systems. He cofounded DeepMind in 2010, which only three years later unveiled a pioneering AI system that whizzed through Atari games using only raw pixels as inputs.
In the years since Google 
 for £400 million, it and its medical research division, DeepMind Health, have dominated headlines with AlphaGo — an AI system that 
 at the Chinese game Go — and an ongoing collaboration with the University College London Hospital that’s produced models exhibiting “near-human performance” on 
. More recently, DeepMind researchers debuted a protein-folding algorithm — AlphaFold — that nabbed 
 in the 13th Critical Assessment of Techniques for Protein Structure Prediction (CASP) by successfully identifying the most accurate structure for 25 out of 43 proteins. And this month, DeepMind published a paper in the journal 
showing that its 
, a spiritual successor to AlphaGo, can play three different games — chess, a Japanese variant of chess called shogi, and Go — well enough to beat celebrated human players.
Despite DeepMind’s impressive achievements, Hassabis cautions that they by no means suggest AGI is around the corner — far from it. Unlike the AI systems of today, he says, people draw on intrinsic knowledge about the world to perform prediction and planning. Compared to even novices at Go, chess, and shogi, AlphaGo and AlphaZero are at a bit of an information disadvantage.
“These [AI] systems [are] learning to see, first of all, and then they’re learning to play,” Hassabis said. “Human players can learn [to play something like an] Atari game much more quickly … than an algorithm can [because] they … can ascribe motifs to … pixels quite quickly to identify if it’s something they need to run away from or go towards.”
To get models like AlphaZero to beat a human, it takes somewhere in the ballpark of 700,000 training steps — each step representing 4,096 board positions — on a system with thousands of Google-designed application-specific chips optimized for machine learning. That equates to about 9 hours of training for chess, 12 hours of training for shogi, and 13 days for Go.
DeepMind isn’t the only one contending with the limitations of current AI design.
In a blog post earlier this year, OpenAI — a nonprofit San Francisco-based AI research company backed by Elon Musk, Reid Hoffman, and Peter Thiel, among other tech luminaries — peeled back the curtains on 
, the bot responsible for beating a five-person team of four professional 
 players this summer. It plays 180 years’ worth of games every day (80 percent against itself and 20 percent against past selves), the organization said, on a whopping 256 Nvidia Tesla P100 graphics cards and 128,000 processor cores on Google’s Cloud Platform. Even after all that training, it struggles to apply skills it’s acquired to tasks beyond a specific game.
“We don’t have systems that can … transfer in an efficient way knowledge they have from one domain to the next. I think you need things like concepts or extractions to do that,” Hassabis said. “Building models against games is relatively easy, because it’s easy to go from one step to another, but we would like to be able to imbue … systems with generative model capabilities … which would make it easier to do planning in those environments.”
Most AI systems today also don’t scale very well. AlphaZero, AlphaGo, and OpenAI Five leverage a type of programming known as reinforcement learning, in which an AI-controlled software agent learns to take actions in an environment — a board game, for example, or a 
 — to maximize a reward.
It’s helpful to imagine a system of Skinner boxes, said Hinton in an interview with VentureBeat. Skinner boxes — which derive their name from pioneering Harvard psychologist B. F. Skinner — make use of operant conditioning to train subject animals to perform actions, such as pressing a lever, in response to stimuli, like a light or sound. When the subject performs a behavior correctly, they receive some form of reward, often in the form of food or water.
The problem with reinforcement learning methods in AI research is that the reward signals tend to be “wimpy,” Hinton said. In some environments, agents become stuck looking for patterns in random data — the so-called “noisy TV problem.”
“Every so often you get a scalar signal that tells you that you did good, and it’s not very often, and there’s not very much information, and you’d like to train the system with millions of parameters or trillions of parameters just based on this very wimpy signal,” he said. “What you [can] do is use a vast amount of computation — a lot of the impressive demos rely on vast amounts of computation. That’s one direction, [but] it doesn’t really appeal to me. I think what [researchers] need is better insights.”
Like Hassabis, Hinton, who’s spent the past 30 years tackling a few of AI’s biggest challenges and now divides his time between Google’s Google Brain deep learning research team and the University of Toronto, knows what he’s talking about — he’s been referred to by some as the “Godfather of Deep Learning.” In addition to his seminal work in DNNs, Hinton has authored or coauthored over 200 peer-reviewed publications in machine learning, perception, memory, and symbol processing, and he’s relatively recently turned his attention to capsule neural networks, machine learning systems containing structures that help build more stable representations.
He says that collective decades of research have convinced him that the way to solve reinforcement learning’s scalability problem is to amplify the signal with a hierarchical architecture.
“Suppose you have a big … organization, and the reinforcement signal comes in at the top, and the CEO gets told the company made lots of profits this year — that’s his reinforcement signal,” Hinton explained. “And let’s say it comes in once a quarter. That’s not much signal to train a whole big hierarchy of people to do [a couple of tasks], but if the CEO has a few vice presidents and gives each vice president a goal in order to maximize his reward … that’ll lead to more profits and he’ll get rewarded.”
In this arrangement, even when the reward doesn’t come in — perhaps because the analogical CEO gave a vice president the wrong goal — the cycle will continue, Hinton said. Vice presidents always learn something, and those somethings are likely to become useful in the future eventually.
“By creating subgoals, and paying off people to achieve these subgoals, you can magnify these wimpy signals by creating many more wimpy signals,” he added.
It’s a deceptively complex thought experiment. Those vice presidents, as it were, need a channel — i.e., mid-level and low-level managers — who communicate the goals, subgoals, and associated reward conditions. Each “employee” in the system needs to be able to decide whether they did the right thing, so that they know the reason why they’re being rewarded. And so they need a language system.
“It’s a problem of getting systems where modules create subgoals for other modules,” Hinton said. “You can think of a shepherd with a sheepdog. They create languages which aren’t in English, and a well-trained sheepdog and a shepherd can communicate incredibly well. But imagine if the sheepdog had its own sheepdogs. Then it would have to take what comes from the person, in these gestures and so on, and it would have to make up ways of talking to the sub-sheepdogs.”
Fortunately, a recent AI breakthrough dubbed Transformers could be a step in the right direction.
In a 
 and accompanying paper last year (“
“), Google researchers introduced a new type of neural architecture — the abovementioned Transformer — capable of outperforming state-of-the-art models in language translation tasks, all while requiring less computation to train.
Building on its work in Transformers, Google in November open-sourced Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers, or 
. BERT learns to model relationships between sentences by pretraining on a task that can be generated from any corpus, and enables developers to train a “state-of-the-art” NLP model in 30 minutes on a single Cloud TPU (tensor processing unit, Google’s cloud-hosted accelerator hardware) or a few hours on a single graphics processing unit.
“Transformers … [are] neural nets in which you have routing,” Hinton explained. “Currently in neural nets, you have the activities that change fast, the weights that change slowly, and that’s it. Biology is telling you what you want to do is have activities that change fast, and then you want to modify synapses at many different timescales so that you can have a memory for what happened recently … [and] easily recover that. [With Transformers], a group of neurons figures out something, and it doesn’t just send it to everybody it’s connected to — it sort of figures out to send it to those guys there who know how to deal with it and not those guys over there who don’t know how to deal with it.”
It’s not a new idea. Hinton pointed out that, in the 1970s, most of the work on neural nets focused on memory, with the goal of storing information by modifying weights so it could be recreated rather than simply pulled from some form of storage.
“You don’t actually store [the information] literally like you would in a filing cabinet — you modify parameters such that if I give you a little bit of a thing, you can fill in the rest, much like making a dinosaur out of a few fragments,” he said. “All I’m saying is that we should use that idea for short-term memory, and not just for long-term memory, and it will solve all sorts of problem.”
Projecting ahead a bit, Hinton believes that, taking a page from biology, AI systems of the future will be mostly of the unsupervised variety. Unsupervised learning — a branch of machine learning that gleans knowledge from unlabeled, unclassified, and uncategorized test data — is almost humanlike in its ability to learn commonalities and react to their presence or absence, he says.
“In general, people don’t have labeled data. It’s not like you see a scene, and then someone puts a microelectrode into your inferior temporal cortex and says, ‘This is the one that should go 
‘” he said. “I think that’s a much more biological way to do learning … That’s mostly what the brain does.”
Hassabis agrees.
“We [at DeepMind are] working toward a kind of neuroscience roadmap with the cognitive abilities we think are going to be required in order to have a fully functional human-level AI system,” he said, “capable of transfer learning, conceptual knowledge, maybe creativity in some sense, imagining future scenarios, counterfactuals and planning for the future, language usage, and symbolic reasoning. These are all things that humans do effortlessly.”
As AI becomes increasingly sophisticated, however, there’s a concern among some technologists and ethicists that it will absorb and reflect biases present in available training data. In fact, there’s evidence that has already happened.
AI research scientists at Google 
 set loose a pretrained AI model on a freely available, open source dataset. One photo — a Caucasian bride in a Western-style, long and full-skirted wedding dress — resulted in labels like “dress,” “women,” “wedding,” and “bride.” However, another image — also of a bride, but of Asian descent and in ethnic dress — produced labels like “clothing,” “event,” and “performance art.” Worse, the model completely missed the person in the image.
Meanwhile, in a pair of studies commissioned by 
 in July, smart speakers made by Amazon and Google were 30 percent less likely to understand non-American accents than those of native-born speakers. And corpora like Switchboard, a dataset used by companies such as IBM and Microsoft to gauge the error rates of voice models, have been shown to skew toward users from 
.
Computer vision algorithms haven’t fared much better on the bias front.
A 
 published in 2012 showed that facial algorithms from vendor 
 performed 5 to 10 percent worse on African Americans than on Caucasians. More recently, it was revealed that a system deployed by London’s Metropolitan Police produces as many as 
. And in a test this summer of Amazon’s Rekognition service — the accuracy of which the Seattle company disputes — the American Civil Liberties Union demonstrated that, when fed 25,000 mugshots from a “public source” and tasked with comparing them to official photos of Congressional members, 28 were 
.
Hinton, for his part, isn’t discouraged by the negative press. He contends that a clear advantage of AI is the flexibility it affords — and the ease with which biases in the data can be modeled.
“Anything that learns from data is going to learn all the biases in the data,” he said. “The good news is that, if you can model [biases in the] data, you can … counteract them pretty effectively. There’s all sorts of ways of doing that.”
That doesn’t always work with humans, he pointed out.
“If you have people doing the jobs, you can try and model their biases; telling them not to be biased doesn’t quite work [like] subtracting the biases. So I think it’ll be much easier in a machine learning system … to deal with [bias].”
To Hinton’s point, an emerging class of bias mitigation tools promises to usher in more impartial AI systems.
In May, Facebook 
 Fairness Flow, which automatically warns if an algorithm is making an unfair judgment about a person based on his or her race, gender, or age. Accenture released a 
 that automatically detects bias in AI algorithms and helps data scientists mitigate that bias. Microsoft launched a 
 of its own in May, and in September, Google debuted the 
, a bias-detecting feature of the TensorBoard web dashboard for its TensorFlow machine learning framework.
IBM, not to be outdone, in the fall released AI Fairness 360, a cloud-based, fully automated suite that “continually provides [insights]” into how AI systems are making their decisions and recommends adjustments — such as algorithmic tweaks or counterbalancing data — that might lessen the impact of prejudice. And recent 
 from its Watson and Cloud Platforms group has focused on mitigating bias in AI models, specifically as they relate to facial recognition.
“One good thing about very fast computers is that you can now write software that’s not totally efficient, but that’s easy to understand, because you’ve got speed you can burn,” Hinton said. “People don’t like doing that, but that’s you really want to do — you want to make your code not totally efficient so that you keep it simple … With [things that are] incredibly accurate, you have room to make them a little less accurate to achieve other things you want. And that seems to me a fair tradeoff.”
Hinton is optimistic, too, about AI’s impact on the job market.
“The phrase ‘artificial general intelligence’ carries with it the implication that this sort of single robot is suddenly going to be smarter than you. I don’t think it’s going to be that. I think more and more of the routine things we do are going to be replaced by AI systems — like the Google Assistant.”
Analysts at Forrester recently projected that robotic process automation (RPA) and artificial intelligence (AI) will create digital workers — software that automates tasks traditionally performed by humans — for more than 40 percent of companies next year, and that in 2019, roughly 10 percent of U.S. jobs will be eliminated by automation. Moreover, the 
, 
, and 
 have predicted that AI could make redundant as many as 75 million jobs by 2025.
Hinton argues that AGI won’t so much make humans redundant, though. Rather, he says, it will remain for the most part myopic in its understanding of the world — at least in the near future. And he believes that it’ll continue to improve our lives in small but meaningful ways.
“[AI in the future is] going to know a lot about what you’re probably going to want to do and how to do it, and it’s going to be very helpful. But it’s not going to replace you,” he said. “If you took [a] system that was developed to be able to be very good [at driving], and you sent it on its first date, I think it would be a disaster.”
And for dangerous tasks currently performed by humans, that’s a step in the right direction, according to Hinton.
“[People] should be really afraid to ride in a car that’s controlled by a huge neural net that has no way of telling you what it’s doing,” he said. “That’s called a taxi driver.”
 
 is updating its military shooter to undo a big change that upset fans. In an attempt to make the game more appealing to new players, the studio 
. Put simply, it weakened guns so people could survive for longer in Battlefield V multiplayer. DICE said Friday that it was listening to feedback. Now, it is reverting the TTK back to the original launch parameters.
DICE always recognized that some fans might not like these changes, so it decided to introduce a “Core” playlist with the original TTK. This is similar to how Call of Duty’s have worked in the past with their default and “Hardcore” modes. But Batlefield fans didn’t like the idea of splitting up the playerbase — especially with these kinds of big changes coming so soon after launch. DICE has also promised to never reintroduce “Core” playlists again.
The “undo” patch launches tomorrow, December 18.
“Clearly, we didn’t get it right,” 
. “Veteran players didn’t ask for the change, but as game developers, we took it upon ourselves to make those changes based on extensive data and deliberation. It truthfully wasn’t an easy decision for us.”
But DICE still wants to find ways to bring new players into Battlefield V. It is likely feeling the pressure from competitors like Fortnite, PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds, Rainbow Six: Siege, and Call of Duty: Black Ops 4.
Fortnite seems like an especially formidable force due to its wide availability and free-to-play business model. That game is seemingly absorbing a whole new generation of players into battle royale matches. It’s going to take a lot for a $60 military-style shooter to keep up with that. And that’s especially challenging for Battlefield V because DICE has not launched its battle royale mode.
On top of all of that, Battlefield V is complicated and intimidating for new players. Unlike a battle royale where the goal is to end the round as the only player or team alive, Battlefield V’s multiplayer goals are … well, they’re confusing. You need to hold a point until your opponent runs out of tickets. Then you need to run to the next point. And I honestly don’t know if I can describe the exact win conditions for most modes in a Battlefield.
Mitre recognizes that problem.
“It’s important to acknowledge that we have a challenge bringing new players into Battlefield V and onboard them to become more experienced Battlefield players,” he explained on Reddit. “It’s been a challenge across our games for a long time, as many will know, and becomes even more important for us to improve upon our post-launch experience with consistent updates to the game through the Tides of War. Our desire to service a game that caters to old and new players will continue. How we get it right isn’t easy, nor will it be quick, and we appreciate when the community comes together and helps us on this journey.”
 has launched Tony Hawk’s Skate Jam for Android and iOS.
Tony Hawk has had a storied history with gaming, starting with the 1999 release of Tony Hawk’s Pro Skater for the original PlayStation. The series had yearly installments until it began to decline, notably with peripheral-based games like 2009’s Tony Hawk: Ride. The series attempted a comeback with 2015’s 
, but the game was a technical disaster and a unfun mess.
The Tony Hawk franchise attempted to go mobile in 2014 with Tony Hawk’s Shred Session. That game was a sort of endless runner. Although it had a 2014 soft launch, the game never went beyond that stage.
Skate Jam is attempting to bring an experience to mobile that is closer to the original Pro Skater games.
“I think players of my older games will enjoy the nostalgic feel, while younger, mobile-first players will love the online competitive element,” Tony Hawk noted in a press release sent to GamesBeat. “The goal is to connect generations of skateboarding fans, casual players, and competitive gamers, and this game is the ideal platform for that.”
Skate Jam is free-to-play, but players can spend money to increase their rate of progress, including buying better gear and upgrading skills.
Atari and 
 have teamed up to make blockchain versions of 
‘s classic RollerCoaster Tycoon Touch and Goon Squad games.
Blockchain, the secure and transparent technology for verifying digital transactions in decentralized networks, is coming to video games.
RollerCoaster Tycoon Touch has more than 19 million downloads and is part of the popular RollerCoaster Tycoon theme park simulation video game franchise.
Atari will take an upfront consideration of $250,000 for the licensing deal in scrip at 11 cents share per share in Australian currency, becoming a strategic shareholder in Animoca Brands. That means that Animoca Brands is giving Atari a minimum guarantee in terms of its share of sales.
Animoca Brands will share the games’ revenue with Atari after the first $500,000 of gross revenue. Animoca Brands is based in Hong Kong, but its shares are traded on the Australian stock exchange under the symbol ASX: AB1.
Above: Animoca Brands’ Garfield’s Escape app
, the maker of The Sandbox building game, for $4.875 million. Pixowl is now working on a blockchain version of The Sandbox.
“This deal marks a special moment for me because I started my career working with Atari and using Atari computers,” said Yat Siu,  chairman of Animoca Brands, in a statement. “The RollerCoaster Tycoon franchise is, like many of Atari’s properties, a true evergreen, having been around for two decades. Given the strategic and commercial elements of this incredibly fun simulation, it is a perfect candidate for blockchain adaptation.”
Animoca Brands is also partnering with Atari to explore ongoing opportunities in gaming, product development, blockchain, and other areas.
Since 1972, the iconic Atari brand has enjoyed global appeal across multiple generations. Under new ownership, 
 profitable revenue growth recently.
Above: The Sandbox plans to support creators with real money.
“We are proud and delighted to enter into this long-term and strategic relationship with Animoca Brands, which also allows us to become a shareholder in one of the most exciting innovators in the world of decentralized gaming,” said Frédéric Chesnais, the CEO of the Atari Group, in a statement. “We hope that this agreement paves the way to further cooperation on other Atari products.”
RollerCoaster Tycoon Touch is a popular theme park management simulation game for iOS and Android devices. It is one of the recent installments in the video game franchise RollerCoaster Tycoon, which since 1999 has spawned several top-ranking sequels and spinoffs across multiple platforms including PC, mobile, and game consoles.
Goon Squad is a card-based, multiplayer brawler video game for iOS and Android devices, launched in 2017, in which players navigate an underworld ruled by mobsters and fast-paced card battles in order to build the ultimate criminal empire.
Based on the agreement, Animoca Brands will produce and publish blockchain-based versions of RollerCoaster Tycoon and Goon Squad worldwide (excluding China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Macau); the new titles will feature the integration of non-fungible tokens (NFTs). The NFTs use the blockchain to ensure that an item is unique and cannot be copied. They work well with collectible items.
The term of the agreement extends through to March 31, 2022. Animoca Brands expects to begin publishing the games in the latter half of 2019.
For agencies dealing with sensitive data, 
 has arguably never been more important. Enterprises that discover a data breach within the first 100 days spend about $1 million less on average than those that uncover it later on, according to the 
. In a recent 
, 60 percent of 200 security leaders surveyed indicated that their organizations fell prey to at least one social engineering attack in the past year.
Tony Pepper, John Goodyear, and Neil Larkins thought there had to be a better way to protect mission-critical information. They founded 
, a London-headquartered startup that uses artificial intelligence (AI) to reduce the risk of data loss and exposure. With offices in Boston and Toronto, 500 percent revenue growth over the past four years, and over 5 million users across 2,000 enterprise and government clients, their company — which only four years ago raised $3.6 million in Series A funding — is poised for global expansion.
Egress today announced that it has secured $40 million in a Series C round led by FTV Capital. Existing backer AlbionVC participated in the round, which also saw FTV partner Kyle Griswold join Egress’ board of directors.
Pepper, who serves as CEO, said the new capital would be used to build on growth in Europe and expand Egress’ Boston office to as many as 50 employees by mid-2019. It will also go toward accelerating the development of “new technology” across the company’s portfolio.
“Today’s heightened security threats, combined with an increasingly complex regulatory landscape, means that organizations face considerable risk from data breaches, resulting in reputational damage and significant financial loss,” he said. “At Egress, we help businesses mitigate this risk by wrapping security around the user and managing their experience using machine learning and AI.”
Egress offers a full range of data-shielding services, including email and document classification, accidental send prevention, and email and file protection. Powered in part by machine learning, its suite of tools helps users understand which people and parties should be granted access to files by automatically categorizing those files and prevents breaches by intervening before employees unintentionally share data with the wrong person. Additionally, it encrypts emails, attachments, and other potentially sensitive content and offers capabilities like real-time message auditing and access revocation.
“This risk-based approach helps users avoid potential mistakes, such as sending information to the wrong recipients, and provides security administrators with insight into behavioral anomalies across the business,” said Pepper.
Above: Egress’ Secure Vault.
For example, Secure Vault — Egress’ email compliance solution — analyzes messages and lets admins drill down into dates, users, metadata, and attachments using a search function purpose-built for exposing weak data links. Egress’ Secure Workspace, meanwhile, offers features such as full auditing and controlled release, in addition to user role assignment, detailed access logs, customizable templates, and integration with Microsoft’s Office 365 and other productivity platforms. The startup’s document security classification add-in for Microsoft Office automatically encrypts classified data when sharing and allows dynamic policy-based control and document fingerprinting. And Egress’ online forms platform — Secure Web Form — boasts built-in sender verification and file type control, giving managers fine-grain control over the filing and submission flow.
Mark Cabry, director of network engineering for the U.S. state of Delaware, said those and Egress’ other bespoke data protection products convinced the state agency to sign on.
“As a regulated … agency, we recognized the importance of selecting a best-of-breed security partner,” he said in a statement. “Egress understands our complex business requirements, and their technical innovation has helped us to maintain privacy and mitigate risk when sharing data across and outside government, leading us to deploy the service statewide.”
Griswold is similarly confident in Egress’ growth potential. In the first half of this year alone, its new software-as-a-service subscriptions were up by 64 percent, with a 93 percent renewal rate.
“The need for comprehensive data security systems that help prevent data breaches and maintain compliance has become of one of the key strategic priorities for businesses globally,” he said. “Egress’ user-centric strategy, combined with their use of AI-driven technical innovation, is helping to tackle these challenges head-on. Their success in highly regulated markets is evidenced by their rapid growth and exceptional customer retention rates.”
Another vote of confidence came from Microsoft in March of this year, when it selected Egress for Microsoft ScaleUp (previously Microsoft Accelerator), an accelerator program providing sales, marketing, and technical support for qualified companies. Egress has also been included in the Deloitte Fast 500 and the 
Tech Track 100.
“We look forward to supporting Egress as it enters the next stage of expansion. We have witnessed first-hand how the business has built out an enterprise-grade data security platform from a niche point solution, while growing into new verticals and geographies during the period,” said Ed Lascelles, a partner at AlbionVC. “The demand for enhanced data security is only going to increase, and so we remain excited about the team’s ability to continue delivering rapid growth.”
Automation is permeating just about every industry, from 
 to 
 — even the 
 to algorithmic interference.
One of the big fears around automation is the impact it will have on jobs, with Forrester recently predicting 
 will be lost to automation in 2019.  However, a common counterargument is that this very same automation 
. Another counterargument is that automation helps free humans 
, thereby allowing them to focus their efforts elsewhere.
This is where Canadian company 
 centers its sales pitch, claiming that it “frees human hands from repetitive tasks.”
Founded in 2008 as a spin-out from Canada’s Laval University, Quebec-based Robotiq makes equipment to carry out tasks that typically require the dexterous ability of human hands. The company makes “grippers,” which can be used to pick up and place components or products on an assembly line, as well as sensors, camera technology, and the software that binds everything together.
Above: Robotiq gripper
The technology is pitched as “collaborative robotics,” working with people to tackle tasks that may be hazardous to humans or filling in if there is a labor shortage.
Above: Robotiq at work
The company counts partnerships with distributors in 48 markets and sells products to customers across manufacturing, electronics, aerospace, automotive, and more.
Today, Robotiq announced its first institutional funding — a CAD$31 million (USD$23 million) raise from Boston-based venture capital (VC) firm Battery Ventures. The company said it will use the money to boost its product development efforts and grow its business globally. As part of the investment, Battery Ventures partner Jesse Feldman will join Robotiq’s board.
“We have been tracking Robotiq and its experienced team for several years and are extremely impressed with the business the founders have built,” Feldman said. “Robotiq’s next-generation products are improving efficiencies at companies all over the globe and, more broadly, provide a glimpse of how new, interconnected technologies, including robots, sensors, and software, are driving a new kind of industrial revolution with huge ramifications for the global economy and workforce.”
There has been a big uptick in startups developing automated robotics technology, particularly in the retail and manufacturing realm. French startup Exotec develops 
 with mobile robots that can move in three dimensions., while U.K. supermarket giant Ocado has showcased 
 to figure out the best way to grasp a product.
Elsewhere, California-based InVia Robotics offers ecommerce warehouses 
 that negates the need for a huge up-front investment from retailers.
Digging into the nitty-gritty of automation technology reveals 
 
 that may involve artificial intelligence (AI), whereas other efforts hinge on hardware, in the form of robotics. While artificial intelligence (AI) and robotics 
, they are ultimately quite different. Sure, there are artificially intelligent robots, but they are often just preprogrammed to carry out a set of tasks autonomously, rather than adapting their behavior or “learning” on the job.
“Collaborative robotics is transforming industries today, offering low-cost, easy-to-deploy solutions that stand in stark contrast to the more-complicated, legacy robotics systems of the past,” added Robotiq cofounder and CEO Samuel Bouchard. “What is amazing about these systems is how they work side by side with humans to improve quality, increase efficiency, and minimize worker injuries.”
Mobile game publisher 
 has launched Looney Tunes: World of Mayhem, a new multiplayer role-playing game that resembles the combat in other team battle games.
Licensed by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment, the new mobile multiplayer role-playing game brings the entire world of Looney Tunes characters into battle with anvils, instant boulders, and other Acme devices of destruction. It’s the kind of game that has helped 
 generate more than $300 million in revenues to date for multiple franchises.
The player-vs.-player mayhem is now available globally as a free download on both iOS and Android. It has more than 70 iconic Looney Tunes characters; from Bugs Bunny to Duck Dodgers, Wile E. Coyote to Witch Hazel.
The zany personalities from Looney Tunes history are available to collect and battle with ridiculous, unique abilities that give players a number of ways to wage insane pranks. The game gleefully updates the contemporary relevance and humor of Looney Tunes with modern gameplay aimed at adult mobile gamers.
“Looney Tunes is an iconic brand that has delivered over 88 years of over-the-top, animated slapstick comedy and we are thrilled to put our own spin on the franchise with Looney Tunes World of Mayhem,” said Jori Pearsall, senior vice president of product and general manager at Scopely, in a statement. “The game offers a deep multiplayer RPG combat experience rooted in the timeless humor and insanity that first made Looney Tunes a globally beloved brand, aged-up for the modern fan that craves interactive authenticity.”
Looney Tunes: World of Mayhem mashes up the humor and attitude about the classic cartoons. Players can collect and level-up their favorite Looney Tunes characters (including iconic variants, such as Valkyrie Bugs Bunny), shape the world by building personalized “Toon Towns,” and battle it out with their animated neighbors in prank-filled combat.
On December 15, Instagram star Zach King will support the launch with an exclusive Looney Tunes branded video from the AcmeAnvil Lab on @ZachKing. Fans can also share the Looney Tunes mayhem with friends with Looney Tunes: World of Mayhem GIFs via
. Looney Tunes World of Mayhem GIFs have been viewed 200 million times to date.
Aquiris Game Studio developed the game for Scopely. Scopely’s other big games include 
, 
, WWE Champions, Yahtzee With Buddies, and Wheel of Fortune: Free Play. Los Angeles-based Scopely has raised more than $250 million in funding to date.
 announced that its latest 
 
 software will deliver 15 percent better performance on some of the top games this year, as compared to a year ago.
The next generation of its software suite for AMD Radeon graphics processing units (GPUs), provides PC gamers, creators and enthusiasts with new features that are designed to create better visual experiences on the computer.
The software gives an average 15 percent boost on games such as Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon Wildlands, Mass Effect Andromeda, Overwatch, Prey, and Project Cars 2, AMD said, along with good performance on more recent titles as well.
“We’ve got a lot of performance improvements for major games,” said Scott Wasson, product manager for Radeon Software, in a press briefing. “We’ve got more than 100 Triple-A games that we have supported on day zero.”
The 2019 edition also enables streaming of PC-based games and video to mobile devices. And is the first AMD solution designed to enable 
 (VR) headsets, delivering VR experiences on millions of standalone VR devices.
“AMD Radeon software is designed to deliver the ultimate in stability and performance for an unparalleled gaming experience,” said Andrej Zdravkovic, corporate vice president of software, Radeon Technologies Group, in a statement. “We are delighted to unveil our biggest software update ever. Built upon the industry’s most stable driver, AMD Radeon Software Adrenalin 2019 Edition delivers double-digit performance improvements in select games and amazing new features, making it easier than ever for gamers to optimize their graphics settings to invigorate the PC gaming experience for both novice and expert Radeon GPU users.”
Above: Radeon Software
The new features include PC-to-VR and mobile device streaming. AMD Radeon ReLive, combined with the updated AMD Link mobile application and dedicated VR store applications, now enables streaming of PC-based games and video to standalone VR headsets as well as a wide selection of Android and iOS-based mobile phones and tablets via a home Wi-Fi network.
The new functionality provides low-latency, PC-quality experiences on mobile devices and standalone VR headsets, delivering brilliant colors and razor-sharp images.
AMD also has in-game instant replay. The AMD Radeon ReLive software — a game streaming client which enables gamers to capture, stream and share their greatest moments — now allows them to revel in their victories instantly by viewing a 5-to-30 second picture-in-picture-style gameplay clip or by creating a 5-to-30 second GIF without leaving the game.
In addition, the new scene editor provides more content creation tools, enabling the editing of streams and captures as well as incorporating more content into streaming overlays.
Optimization tools can also simplify gaming and system configuration. Radeon Game Advisor is a new intuitive, wizard-like tool that walks gamers through the process of tuning their games for the optimal mix of fluid animation and visual fidelity.
The Radeon Settings Advisor automatically recommends system and display settings for the optimal gaming experience that can be deployed with a single click.
The Upgrade Advisor determines if a PC meets the minimum and recommended developer game specifications and offers AMD CPU and GPU hardware upgrade suggestions, if needed.
The updated AMD Link application on mobile devices has a streamlined user interface, new driver upgrade features, enhanced Radeon ReLive gallery support and, for the first time, the ability to use natural language voice commands to control Radeon ReLive functionality and track performance metrics.
And the AMD Radeon WattMan Technology now provides one-click controls for auto-GPU and memory overclocking and auto-GPU undervolting. The revamped AMD Radeon Chill power-saving tool delivers up to 20 percent more power savings in select titles.
The enhanced AMD Radeon FreeSync 2 HDR technology provides auto-tone mapping to deliver good color contrast and visible detail consistently across FreeSync technology-supported displays. In addition, the AMD Virtual Super Resolution feature now supports ultra-wide 21:9 displays.
The updated Radeon Overlay feature allows users to access system performance metrics on screen, and now includes in-game controls for AMD Radeon WattMan technology, Enhanced Sync technology and Game Advisor.
AMD Radeon Software Adrenalin 2019 Edition is available today here.
Salesforce today announced Lightning Web Components, a tool that allows developers to code components in the Lightning Platform — its front-end framework for app development — using JavaScript.
It adds to the Lightning Platform robust support for one of the most popular programming languages on the planet, said Mike Rosenbaum, executive vice president of product. More than 95 percent of websites use JavaScript, and an estimated 7.04 million developers worldwide tap JavaScript to program tools and apps, according to 
.
“We are constantly working and looking for ways to help our customers build faster, innovate, and deliver new products to their customers and employees,” he said. “With Lightning Web Components, we are giving developers a standards-driven JavaScript model for building enterprise apps on Lightning … As part of this, we’ve been working with standards groups like ECMATC39 and the browser companies to ensure that Lightning Web Components is an inclusive programming model that will work for all front-end JavaScript developers.”
Lightning Web Components supports ES6+ and up, enabling developers to take advantage of things like classes, modules, and imports seamlessly, and it can run alongside Aura Components, the existing programming model deployed by Salesforce in 2015. (Aura components can include Lightning web components or even share the same base components and services.) As an added benefit, with Lightning Web Components more code is executed natively by the browser, resulting in superior app performance.
It builds on top of Salesforce’s core stack of app developing tools, which includes Base Lightning Components, a set of more than 70 user interface components built as custom elements; Lightning Data Service, which provides access to Salesforce data and metadata, data caching, and data synchronization; and Salesforce’s User Interface API.
Above: The app builder in Salesforce Lightning.
“Every time we release a new platform capability, we see an acceleration of innovation in our 150,000 customer base, and we are excited to see what our community of developers will do with Lightning Web Components,” Rosenbaum said.
Lightning Web Components’ launch comes a week after the debut of 
, a new add-on in Field Service Lightning, Salesforce’s mobile app and communications service that helps facilitate, manage, and track IoT device maintenance and repairs.
Google Brain cofounder and former Baidu AI chief scientist Andrew Ng today announced the launch of the “
,” a prescriptive guide for business leaders looking to create AI-first companies.
The playbook is the latest initiative from Ng, who has been advising startups, developers, and legacy businesses on how to build successful ventures in the AI era.
In recent years, Ng, who is also a Stanford University professor, has been a mainstay at AI gatherings where business executives meet to discuss what it takes to become a good AI company.
“The ‘AI Transformation Playbook’ synthesizes a lot of lessons I’ve learned leading and building these teams at Google and Baidu, as well as lessons I’ve learned discussing and interacting with many CEOs, including many outside the software industry,” Ng told VentureBeat in a phone interview.
The playbook offers five main rules for how to transform a business into an AI-first company:
1. Execute pilot projects to gain momentum

2. Build an in-house AI team

3. Provide broad AI training

4. Develop an AI strategy

5. Internal and external communications
Business executives interested in making AI-first companies face challenges and can make some common mistakes, Ng said.
He warned that just throwing large amounts of data at engineers and expecting success, or misunderstanding what AI can and cannot do can lead to failure.
Having a broad understanding of AI’s potential and limitations can aid more than CEOs and data scientists.
“I think it’s important for many people in a company to know what AI can and cannot do. Maybe not every single person in a company needs a deep level of knowledge, but it definitely goes well beyond [the engineering team],” he said.
Another common mistake is starting with a small pilot project and failing to build momentum and scale initial efforts to make the impact of AI pervasive throughout a company.
Media reports may skew what people understand to be possible because business news tends to focus on AI success stories. Ng compared CEOs who hear about nothing but breakthrough research and efficiency gains to a computer vision system trained to see nothing but cats.
“If you train a learning algorithm and every single picture you show it is a picture of a cat, then it thinks every single thing in the world is a cat, because it’s never seen anything that’s not a cat before. And I think in a similar way, if you show executives a sequence of success stories but no failure stories, then it creates an impression that AI can do anything, and that’s just not true,” he said.
In addition to the playbook released today, Ng is also cofounder of online learning portal Coursera, which was made popular in part due to 
.
There’s also 
, and “
,” an instructional book assembled this year.
Earlier this year, Ng also launched AI Fund, a 
.
Initial investments include 
 incorporate artificial intelligence into their businesses, and 
, a conversational AI company making a therapist bot.
Other investments have been made but are not yet public, he said.
Alexa is now the master of your home security system — but only if you want it to be, of course. Amazon today announced a new API for its handy voice assistant  — aptly named the Security Panel Controller API — which allows customers to control connected alarms, cameras, and more with voice commands.
The capabilities were first detailed at an 
 They’re broadly available in the U.S. starting today and work with products from providers like ADT, Ring, Honeywell, Abode, and Scout Alarm.
Systems that implement the Security Panel Controller API let you arm, disarm, and query status with Alexa-enabled devices, Brian Crum, senior product manager at Amazon, explained in a 
. Arming a system’s as easy as saying “Alexa, arm [device name] in [mode type] mode” or “Alexa, arm.” (If you don’t specify a mode, it’ll default to “stay” or “home” mode.) To disarm it, say “Alexa, disarm [device name]” or “Alexa, disarm.”
To get the disarm command up and running, you’ll first have to enable the disarm-by-voice feature. To do so, launch the Alexa app on your smartphone (iOS or Android) or PC, navigate to the settings page, and choose between one of two options: providing your security system’s four-digit PIN code or creating an Alexa-specific voice code. Once you’ve completed that step, you’re golden.
Security Panel Controller API builds on Amazon’s 
, a forthcoming alert feature that sends notifications to your phone when an Amazon Echo speaker detects the sound of breaking glass or of a smoke or carbon monoxide alarm. Alexa Guard can also randomize the lights in your home when you’re away to make it appear as though you’re there and integrate with Ring and ADT so that alerts are sent to a security company.
Its debut also follows on the heels of a 
, including the ability to set location-based routines and reminders, discover and call local businesses and restaurants via voice requests, sift through multiple email inboxes for important messages, and more. Just last week, Amazon’s Alexa team launched a self-learning system that “detects the defects in Alexa’s understanding and 
” without the need for human intervention, and a 
 feature that allows users to find new playlists through voice.
Also last week, Amazon debuted 
, a feature that lets customers tackle uncommon questions by submitting answers that may be distributed to millions of Alexa users around the world.
Conversational artificial intelligence (AI) is all the rage. Case in point? In a recent 
, 15 percent of U.S. adults said they’d used a chatbot to interact with a company this year. Be that as it may, such systems can be difficult to design and maintain if you don’t have the data science chops. And with the demand for AI experts expected to soar 28 percent by 2020, according to IBM, finding the necessary talent is not going to get any easier.
But firms like 
 are working to close the gap. In a few short years, the New York-based AI solutions startup has signed on customers like Shell, DishNetwork’s Sling TV, and TriWest. And Pypestream says it has tripled its customer base in the past 12 months alone. To fuel that growth, it today announced a $15 million raise led by insurance company W.R. Berkley, bringing its total haul to $35 million.
This round follows on the heels of $15 million in Series A financing last year. And it coincides with the launch of Design Studio, a new customization tool that sits atop 
‘s proprietary natural language processing (NLP) engine.
“The automated, on-demand experiences our clients now deliver to their customers through messaging far exceed those of interacting with live agents or web chat — they’re fast, highly functional, intuitive, and economically efficient,” CEO Richard Smullen said. “We will use this additional capital to help more businesses provide … experiences that their customers not only love but expect.”
Above: Pypestream’s suite, from a user perspective.
Design Studio, which is now generally available, allows enterprise customers to create chatbots with authentication, API integrations, list pickers, carousels, GIFs, and more. It’s powered by Pypestream’s aforementioned NLP backend and features single sign-on, allowing multiple employees to collaborate on the design.
Michael Nannizzi, director of investments at W.R. Berkley and a member of Pypestream’s board of directors, said the solution is being actively used by W.R. Berkley across its businesses.
“I was impressed by Pypestream’s ability to upgrade the customer experience,” he said. “[The] technology is helping companies improve their engagement and achieve important efficiencies through the use of its powerful conversational interface.”
Design Studio is a far cry from Pypestream’s minimum viable product (MVP): a siloed app through which its business clients communicate with their customers. It eventually blossomed into the Pypestream Conversational Interface, an omnichannel, 
-based offering that’s end-to-end encrypted, plays nicely with first- and third-party apps, and supports things like claim submission, payments processing, file sending, and appointment scheduling.
Pypestream’s AI system handles the bulk of incoming message requests. It’s trained on a per-customer basis to understand intent — that is, what a given user wants — and entities, or target objects. For example, in the request “What is the current payment due on my internet account,” 
 is the intent (to check a balance) and 
 is the entity.
It’s all managed from Pype Manager, Pypestream’s live agent dashboard. In addition to built-in analytics and reporting tools, it boasts automated conversation routing that enables handoffs to human agents with specialized skill sets, and agent-to-agent transfer. Also in tow is integration with Salesforce Service Cloud and third-party live agent vendors that use REST APIs.
“Pypestream, which was founded in 2015, has more than 50 employees and is headquartered in New York City.”
Voice analysis company 
 today announced it has created 
, a spinoff company made to bring emotion-tracking to health care providers. CompanionMx will build products that allow physicians to use voice analysis AI to track the well-being of patients with conditions like depression, bipolar disease, PTSD, and other anxiety disorders.
While Cogito focuses on voice analysis to help companies understand the emotional state of customers speaking with call center agents, Companion will deliver voice analysis services for health care providers, including the Department of Veteran Affairs.
The company’s first product, Companion, is a smartphone app that works by asking a patient for a daily voice check-in and records their voice to analyze their emotional state.
Voice analysis is then paired with behavioral data gleaned from a user’s smartphone and info about daily activities. If location data shows that you haven’t left your house for a number of days, for example, that could be a red flag for depression.
All this info is shared with clinicians or physicians on a visual dashboard.
Prior to the creation of CompanionMx as a separate company, Cogito carried out seven randomized clinical trials with partners like Brigham and Women’s Hospital.
The voice analysis AI has also been used in trials at West Point to 
.
Cogito and now CompanionMx’s tech has received financial support from Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), the National Institutes of Mental Health (NIMH), and the U.S. Veterans Administration.
Insights surfaced by the Companion app are meant to help doctors understand a patient’s state, rather than replacing health professionals, CompanionMx CEO Sub Datta told VentureBeat in a phone interview.
“When a physician or clinician is looking at the dashboard, they’re looking at the individual scores, but they can also see trend lines as to how these specific measures are changing. And I think at the end of the day [it’s about] how the clinician looks at this data, looks at the trend lines, looks at these changes, and then makes a decision based on their clinical expertise,” he said.
Companion’s initial focus will be on adults ages 18-65, but the company plans to produce products for children and seniors in the future.
Similar to Companion, the 
 to provide emotional support to the children of deployed military service members, helping them cope with trauma and keeping parents and guardians informed when a child is having a hard time.
CompanionMx parent company Cogito has raised 
 to build its solutions after spinning out of MIT in 2007. Just last week, it closed its most recent funding round of $8 million.
Like Cogito, CompanionMx is based in Boston.
Thanks to a newly developed AI training method, Amazon’s 
 assistant could become noticeably better at recognizing speech in new domains than it is currently. In a 
 published on the Alexa Blog this morning, Ankur Gandhe, a speech scientist in the Alexa Speech group, describes an artificially intelligent (AI) system that reduces recognition errors by up to 15 percent, partly by calculating the probability that specific grammar rules will produce a given string of words.
He and colleagues will present their work in a paper (“Scalable Language Model Adaptation for Spoken Dialogue Systems”) at the IEEE Spoken Language Technologies conference in Athens, Greece later this month.
As Gandhe explains, natural language processing (NLP) models that adapt to conversational context — i.e., systems that can distinguish between “Red Sox” and “red sauce” and, by extension, recognize that the former refers to a baseball team while the latter calls for a recipe — tend to work better than their generalizable counterparts. But they have to be retrained every time a new feature is introduced, which requires a lot of data, not to mention training time.
AI researchers often generate random samples of sentences from templates to perform said training, but Gandhe and team propose an algorithm that analyzes mathematical representations of a grammar’s rules. (In this context, “grammar” refers to strictures governing word or phrase substitutions.) They also lay out a technique for integrating newly generated and trained NLP models with existing systems in a way that doesn’t negatively affect their performance.
There’s more that goes into generating a language model than you might suspect. It starts with finite-state transducers, or FSTs, which can be represented as a graph — in other words, nodes connected by line segments. The graph’s line segments, or edges, are associated with a probability indicating the likelihood of a linguistic substitution, while the nodes serve as a sort of progress indicator of production of a text string. To generate sample sentences, the FST works its way through the graph and builds up a string of text one word or phrase at a time.
As Gandhe explains: “For instance, if a given node of the graph represents the text string ‘I want,’ it might have two edges, one representing the ‘need’/’want’ substitution and the other representing the ‘would like’/’want’ substitution.'”
The system first identifies every string of text encoded by the FST and every path through the graph that might lead to it, using the probabilities associated with the edges to compute the frequency with which the FST will produce a particular string. To integrate new language models with existing ones, it leverages an AI model that “infer[s] the optimal balance of the probabilities encoded in both.”
The team evaluated the system on three different NLP scenarios: looking up a stock price, finding and dictating a recipe, and booking airline tickets. At its peak, the flight-booking test saw the above-mentioned 15 percent error reduction.
The team believes its methods could improve speech recognition in newly introduced Alexa capabilities on day one, before larger datasets become available.
“It makes intuitive sense that, the more complex the grammar, the more training data would be required to produce an accurate language model, and the less reliable the data-sampling approach would be,” Gandhe wrote. “Consequently, we suspect that our method will provide greater gains on more challenging tasks.”
Wonolo, an app that helps companies find temporary workers and contractors, today announced that it is partnering with Waze Carpool. The idea is to make it easier for workers to find rides with others heading to nearby jobs. The partnership will first roll out in the Bay Area and Chicago, where about 50,000 workers are using Wonolo.
Wonolo counts companies like Papa John’s, Uniqlo, and Coca-Cola among its customers, and most of the work available on Wonolo is for temporary jobs in fields like fulfillment and distribution, which companies tend to need more workers for around the holidays.
AJ Brustein, Wonolo’s COO and cofounder, said a survey among Wonolo users earlier this year found that after pay, location was the number one factor in determining whether they would take a job. And while some workers were able to use their own car to get to a job, many others rely on public transportation.
“The location piece is really about ‘Can I get to this place?'” Brustein told VentureBeat. “If I don’t have a car, does the public transportation run during the times that I need to get there and then leave?’ ‘And then if there’s public transportation, how difficult is it — do I have to change buses three times or something?'”
Until the end of January, Wonolo users in the Bay Area and Chicago will get free rides through Waze Carpool. Waze Carpool normally charges riders a maximum of 54 cents per mile. That’s because the IRS has a maximum limit of 54 cents per mile on driving expenses, so drivers can count it as reimbursement on their taxes, rather than as income. In an i
, Brustein said Wonolo has also been encouraging companies to advertise on job listings if they’re close to public transportation, as that makes workers more likely to accept a job.
The partnership is indicative of two trends. First, staffing apps like Wonolo — as well as its competitors Shiftgig and soon-to-be launched UberWorks — are trying to get a market edge by offering more benefits to gig workers, who have traditionally gotten zilch. Additionally, Waze Carpool, which 
, is trying to get an edge over Uber Pool and Lyft Line by partnering with private enterprises. Waze has already partnered with Amazon, for example, to help workers at its fulfillment centers carpool with one another.
Founded in 2013, Wonolo is headquartered in San Francisco. It recently raised a $32 million round of venture capital led by Bain Capital Ventures. Waze is owned by Google, with the majority of its workforce based in Israel.
Updated with AJ Brustein’s correct title.
MediaTek may not have the name recognition of larger chipmakers, such as Qualcomm, Intel, Samsung, and Huawei, but its chips are found in nearly a third of mobile phones — largely low- to mid-range Android devices sold in Asia. Today, the company 
 an AI-powered 4G smartphone system-on-chip (SoC) called Helio P90 and said it will reveal its 5G SoC at Mobile World Congress 2019 in February.
Offering an alternative to Qualcomm’s just-announced 
, Helio P90 similarly focuses on AI improvements that will augment everything from photo and video capture to object recognition and general computation. Using a fusion AI architecture, MediaTek’s second-generation APU adds a custom-built Inference Engine to assist the Tensilica DSP found in the earlier Helio P70. Collectively, the P90’s AI processors promise 1127 GMACs (giga multiply-accumulates per second) of computing power, up from 240 GMACs in the P70, or 4.6 times greater AI performance than the P70.
While the GMAC numbers are abstract, MediaTek says that the speedy AI will enable secure facial unlocking, full-body AR avatars, and 4 times faster noise reduction for low-light photographs. P90 will also enable real-time face beautification during video recordings, intelligent environmental awareness for improved photo exposures, and the ability to process either a single 48-megapixel image or dual-camera 24+16-megapixel images without missing a beat. On the computational front, P90 will be able to run “the most complex AI apps and tasks while running multiple AI functions at the same time,” notably including support for 
.
AI isn’t P90’s only upgrade: MediaTek has reconfigured its eight ARM processing cores, moving from four Cortex A53s and four Cortex A73s to two 2.2GHz Cortex A75s and six 2.0GHz Cortex A55s. It has also bumped P90’s GPU from an 800/900MHz Mali G72MP3 to a 970MHz PowerVR GM 9446 and boosted LPDDR4X memory speeds to 1866MHz — changes that should give P90-powered phones noticeable speed advantages in everyday tasks and graphics performance while more modestly improving overall multi-core performance for non-AI computational tasks.
If there’s a hitch to Helio P90, it’s the modem, which is arriving with last-generation 4G capabilities at the beginning of the 5G era. Supporting Category 12/13 LTE, it promises download speeds in the 600Mbps range, with uploads at up to 150Mbps, significantly slower than the 
 found in Qualcomm’s latest SoCs.
Without announcing any specifics, MediaTek also said today that it will launch its first 5G-ready SoC in February, at the Mobile World Congress 2019. The company has previously revealed 
, the likely modem component for the chipset, which is compliant with the 
 and will support the sub-6GHz frequency band. As U.S. 5G deployments are thus far using a second radio frequency band known as millimeter wave, with plans to add sub-6GHz frequency support later in 2019, it’s unclear whether a chipset with Helio M70 will find any U.S. customers.
The radio frequency support distinctions are particularly important because of one potential MediaTek customer: Apple. Following a 
 and reported 5G engineering troubles at Intel, 
 as a potential 5G modem supplier if 
 misses its current engineering timeline. But Apple would only choose a modem with broad international frequency support.
Helio P90 is currently sampling to customers, and initial devices with the chipset are expected to be announced near the end of 2019’s first quarter, after Mobile World Congress. Assuming that MediaTek’s 5G chipset hits its current schedule, 5G-ready devices could follow before the end of the year.
, an app that helps connect people facing cancer, the loss of a job, loneliness, and other major life challenges with others who have been through similar experiences, today announced it is launching out of beta with $11 million in funding. Wisdo currently has 500,000 users after beta testing for about a year.
Wisdo CEO and cofounder Boaz Gaon told VentureBeat that he started the company in memory of his father, Israeli businessman Benny Gaon, who died from pancreatic cancer in 2008. The senior Gaon was president of the Israel Association when he was diagnosed. Gaon said that even though his father was afforded access to top doctors, what the family wanted most was to talk other families with a similar diagnosis.
“We very naively thought we were this ‘ideal cancer family’,” Gaon told VentureBeat. “The truth is when you’re going through something like this that you’ve never gone through before, you’re going to make mistakes, and we made a lot of them.”
Wisdo currentlyI aI  has more than 70 communities users can join, each one tailored to users with a “shared experience.” The app is only open to users older than 18. Some communities talk about how to prepare for college, or about buying a house. Others are for survivors of sexual assault, or for users to talk about experiences with depression and anxiety. Users are also asked to create a “timeline” highlighting different steps they’ve gone through — if they’ve found a therapist or have told their family members they have depression, for example.
Gaon likes to compare Wisdo to crowdsourced apps like Wikipedia and Waze, rather than social apps like Facebook and Twitter. That’s because the bulk of content moderation is done by Wisdo users themselves. There are four types of roles Wisdo users can take on: Buddies, Helpers, Guides, and Super Guides. The roles with more content moderation responsibilities are given to users as they collect more positive ratings from other users.
Here’s how the hierarchy works:
Any user can sign up to be a Buddy and get paired with a Helper. Buddies and Helpers are matched based on similar experiences they’ve shared on their timeline — the Buddy is supposed to be matched with a Helper who has gone through the step(s) that they’re looking for advice on. Wisdo invites users to become Helpers based upon how many times their comments are rated as positive or helpful in the community chatrooms.
The Helpers with the highest rankings are then invited to become Guides, who lead discussions in chatrooms, send welcome messages to new users, and are given watchlists of language to look out for or flag. Lastly, Super Guides have the right to ban or suspend users and can send push notifications to specific groups.
Gaon told VentureBeat that of Wisdo’s daily active users, about 45 percent are Buddies, 10 percent are Helpers, and 3 percent are Guides. Twenty percent of Guides are elevated to Super Guides. There are private chatrooms specifically for Helpers, Guides, and Super Guides to ask each other questions, and the company gives all of them monthly training sessions in content moderation. Wisdo also has one community manager on staff who oversees the whole hierarchy and sends each new Wisdo member a message when they register for the site, laying down the ground rules — including a zero-tolerance policy for abuse, trolling, racism, and harassment.
Robyn Caplan, an affiliate with Data & Society who studies content moderation, said that one benefit of community-reliant content moderation is that community standards are developed in a much more distributed way — active users are more likely to see repeat issues than a full-time staffer who is stretched thin, for example. The problem is that moderators are doing a lot of heavy lifting for free.
“That can lead to other issues around bias and privilege — who has the time to spend online doing things like moderation?,” Caplan told VentureBeat. “Definitely not people who are working one or two jobs, who are doing things like caring for children or caring for elders.”
Additionally, Wisdo’s moderators are taking on heavier and more personal subject matter than Wikipedia editors. I downloaded Wisdo in the last week, and in one community I previewed, some users expressed suicidal thoughts. Wisdo stresses to its users that it’s not a place to seek medical attention and that the moderators are not there to provide medical advice. But it’s not hard to see how spending six to 10 hours a week moderating a chatroom where users are talking about illness could wear on a person.
In tracking Wisdo’s trajectory compared to that of social apps like Facebook and Twitter, one other important difference is that Wisdo’s publicly named investors all have backgrounds with medicine and health care. Investors in Wisdo include Jazz Venture Partners, which has invested in quite a few neuroscience companies; Bob Nelsen, cofounder of life sciences VC firm Arch Ventures; and Richard Klausner, former director of the National Cancer Institute. Klausner told VentureBeat that he first met Gaon when his father was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer 20 years ago and then reconnected with Gaon when he was preparing to launch Wisdo.
“Any significant life transition — the value of in some meaningful way being able to ask questions and learn from others’ experience — is incredibly valuable,” Klausner, also a Wisdo board member, told VentureBeat. “Particularly for patients with diseases themselves, or their caretakers.”
Wisdo is currently pre-revenue. Gaon said that one revenue stream they’re looking at is sponsored profiles, to highlight therapists, lawyers, or other professionals.
“When we polled our members to see what kind of business model they would want us to pursue — they overwhelmingly requested that we highlight services,” Gaon told VentureBeat. “People are trying to figure out the best things to spend their money on.”
With 
 and 
 having lost daily active users last quarter, there’s certainly opportunity for a new social app. But as apps like Imzy, 
, and 
 will tell you, the road is tough. Wisdo’s positioning as a place to discuss serious topics could either drive away people looking for light-hearted conversation or attract users seeking more meaningful interactions.
Updated with Robyn Caplan’s correct title.
French research and design lab 
 wants to make it easier to design truly wireless, high-quality earbuds. To that end, it today unveiled a new platform — Tempow True Wireless (TTW) — that leverages the company’s patented Bluetooth technology to increase battery life while reducing audio latency.
According to Tempow, TTW doesn’t require a chained connection between a device, an earbud, and the second earbud for power, nor one earbud that piggybacks off of another paired to a sound source. Instead, it’s compatible with standard Bluetooth chipsets and works with Tempow’s eponymous Tempow Audio Profile, allowing TTW-based earbuds for streaming synchronous sound with off-the-shelf chipsets and obviating the need for data retransmission between earbuds.
Vincent Nallatamby, Tempow’s founder and CEO, claims TTW saves enough bandwidth headroom to enable the use of high-fidelity audio codecs, such as LDAC and HWA. And he says this can increase battery life by up to 50 percent.
“There’s absolutely no reason that only one company should be able to deliver an amazing wireless earbud experience,” he said. “In many ways, we are thankful that Apple took the first step in showing the world the possibilities of Bluetooth-enabled wireless earbuds, but we believe our solution can democratize the experience and help other companies push the boundaries even further.”
TTW’s debut follows on the heels of Tempow’s TAP Smart. Announced at IFA 2018 in Berlin, TAP Smart allows original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) to add advanced wireless features to smart devices powered by Amazon’s Alexa or the Google Assistant. One of those — Smart Surround Sound — lets users chain multiple speakers together to create 5.1 or 3.1 speaker systems. Another, mesh networking, automatically determines which device is closest to the person speaking.
Tempow has hardware deals in place with Motorola, which shipped the Moto X4 phone with its Bluetooth technology built in, and Keecker, the startup behind an eponymous voice-activated Keecker home robot. Nallatamby says additional partnerships will be announced in the coming weeks.
In July, Tempow previewed a solution for televisions and set-top boxes, which it said can bring customized EQ, multilanguage support, and more to existing devices. It’s optimized for low latency, and, like the forthcoming TAP for smart speakers, lets users connect multiple devices to create a DIY surround sound system.
“Our mission is to develop innovative software that every hardware manufacturer can leverage to bring new experiences to the end user,” Nallatamby said in an earlier statement.
Following a small angel round, Tempow earlier this year closed a $4 million funding round led by Balderton Capital, with participation from C4 Ventures. The company said it now plans to double the size of its 18-person Bluetooth engineering team — which currently has members working out of the startup’s new Seoul, Korea and Shenzhen, China offices — over the next year.
Soul Machines is launching the Digital DNA platform today for creating lifelike avatars.
Soul Machines has produced a number of what it calls “digital humans” such as a 
 and assistants for customers like Mercedes-Benz, Royal Bank of Scotland, and 
.
Each previous avatar or character made by Soul Machines was based on the features of an actual person, but Digital DNA is designed to make avatars without the need to design based on the characteristics of any individual person, a development Soul Machines chief business officer Greg Cross said, reducing a process that used to take months down to a matter of minutes.
Cross envisions businesses using the platform to create multiple virtual employees who can fit any customer’s preference.
“Rather than having a single digital human or a single digital employee as a brand representative, we believe that on an ongoing basis customers should be able to choose who they want to interact with. Do you want to interact with a male or a female? Do you want to interact with somebody who’s the same age or ethnicity as you? Do you want to interact with a digital human that speaks English or Spanish? So all of these things using our Digital DNA platform become a whole bunch easier going forward,” he said.
In addition to making lifelike digital faces, Soul Machines uses neural nets to animate the movement of bodies of digital characters so they’re able to move in ways that mimic human movement.
Based in New Zealand, Soul Machines is the brainchild of founder Mark Sagar, whose work in digital graphics for movies like 
 and 
won him an Academy Award.
Beyond applications in business, Soul Machines is exploring the creation of avatars for celebrities, sports stars, and famous actors and actresses.
Autodesk’s Ava, for example, is based on 
, while the company has also made an 
.
Other projects in the works include an avatar for a popular musician and an effort to animate a long-dead artist.
“What’s interesting about this artist is we’ll be able to bring somebody back to life in an interactive way that’s been dead for a good number of years, so yeah, there are certainly use cases we imagine, and that’s an example of one were working on,” Cross said.
Avatars for game and entertainment industry clients or allowing people to make their own “digital twin” may also emerge, he said.
Amazon’s Twitch livestreaming division has hired the team at 
 in Toronto. 
 on top of Twitch that allowed streamers to interact with and monetize their audiences better.
But Twitch is not buying any of Revlo’s products or services, which will be shut down, said James Sun, CEO and cofounder of Revlo, in an email to GamesBeat.
Sun and his colleagues Adam Hueniken, Julie Topp, and Fraser Le Ber started the company in 2015 and went through the Next36 accelerator that summer. They went through the Y Combinator accelerator in the summer of 2016. They raised $3 million in funding from Omers Ventures, SV Angel, Foundation Capital, and ScaleUp Ventures.
Above: Revlo created Pursuit Analytics.
They started on Revlo, a fan engagement platform that was used by more than 100,000 broadcasters. Each month, more than 40 million viewers were earning points on the service, but Revlo shut that platform down because it couldn’t find a business model that worked.
It also created Pursuit, an analytics engine for Overwatch and Fortnite. It used computer vision to analyze player performance and provide insights for improvement.
Pursuit Overwatch was used by two Overwatch League teams: Philadelphia Fusion (Comcast’s team) and Atlanta Reign (Cox’s team) as well as some Overwatch World Cup 2018 teams. Pursuit Fortnite was developed it in collaboration with Gen.G’s Fortnite team.
“Throughout this journey, we stayed close with the team at Twitch,” Sun wrote. “They helped us a bunch along the way, and everyone there shared our deep passion for community and interaction in gaming. As we considered the future, it became evident that Twitch had the resources and scale to allow us to achieve a level of impact that would not be possible on our own.”
Pursuit Analytics will shut down on December 17.
“Turning off any service is difficult and we’re so grateful to all our users for their support,” Sun said. “We could not have made it this far without the help of our investors, friends, partners and users. You’ve all helped to make this journey incredible and we are excited to keep building products and experiences that you’ll love as part of the Twitch family.”
 and 
 have big targets painted on their backs, and 
 is an arrow pointed at them. Hypixel Studios is unveiling Hytale, a new game that delivers a sandbox world and a blocky 8-bit art style.
The game comes from the creators of Hypixel, the world’s largest mod server. Hypixel Studios is building the game, with funding support from Riot Games and an advisory group of industry veterans.
The team behind the Hypixel server network, the world’s largest independent game server, has today announced the formation of Hypixel Studios, which is making the game.
Above: Hytale is a new open world adventure game.
“Founding Hypixel Studios is a huge step forward for our team, and it wouldn’t have been possible without the support of Riot Games and our advisory group of investors,” said Simon Collins-Laflamme, cofounder of Hypixel Studios, in a statement. “We feel very lucky to have built relationships that not only fund the development of Hytale, but provide us with insight and advice that will be instrumental in making Hytale as good as it possibly can be.”
Hypixel Studios has been established in order to pursue the team’s goal of transitioning from a community mod team into a game development house. It has also announced its first project, Hytale, a sandbox role-playing game, a minigames platform, and a set of accessible tools that enable users to customize and create across all aspects of the game.
Development of Hytale began in 2015 and was initially supported by the success of the Hypixel mod server. Besides Riot Games, advisers and investors include:
Above: Hytale has a wide variety of activities do in a sandbox world.Anthony Borquez, university professor and video game entrepreneur
“Since meeting the Hypixel team in 2016, we’ve been blown away by their support for their community, vision for the future of sandbox gaming, and belief in individual contributors working toward a common goal,” said Dylan Jadeja, president of Riot Games, in a statement. “Their ambition and commitment to quality gives us a ton of confidence, and from everything we’ve seen of Hytale, we haven’t been let down. Supporting Hypixel is also an opportunity to support a game that will reach players at multiple stages in their gaming journeys, across age groups, genres, and play styles. We can’t wait to dive into the world of Hytale.”
Above: Hytale will feature community servers and mini games.
Hypixel Studios has more than 40 developers around the world, all working on its first project.
“My fellow investors and I are always looking to find next generation game studios and IP that continue to push video game genres forward. We’re fascinated by amazing games that are grown from modding communities and we believe that Hypixel Studios are building something special that will contribute to the growing and evolving video game industry,” said Anthony Borquez, on behalf of the advisory group, in a statement.
The game features an open-world adventure mode featuring combat, crafting and construction for both solo players and groups. It also has a wide variety of online mini games including the power for players to create and share their own. And it has an accessible suite of tools that spans block-based construction, in-game scripting and movie-making, and the Hytale Model Maker — a browser-based modeling and animation toolkit.
The Hypixel server was established in April 2013 by Simon Collins-Laflamme and Philippe Touchette. It is the holder of four Guinness World Records including ‘most popular independent server for a videogame’ (with 64,533 concurrent players) and ‘most unique players logged into a Minecraft server’ (with 14.1 million players).
Microsoft’s new curatorial news app aims to cut through the deluge with the help of artificial intelligence (AI). 
, which was first spotted by 
, has quietly launched on Android in some countries.
It’s a straightforward affair. After signing in with a Microsoft account, you’re instructed to create a personalized feed by selecting from categories such as Entertainment, Politics, and Science and Tech, and subcategories like Celebrities, Movies, and Elections. Articles in those categories will bubble to the top of the app’s home screen, and over time start to align more closely with your reading preferences, Microsoft says.
“Hummingbird uses the latest AI and search technology to help you locate stories and videos on topics you care about and from sources you trust on the web,”  the app’s description on the Google Play Store reads. “The more you use Hummingbird, the better it gets at searching and locating stories from across the web that you’ll like — and avoiding ones you won’t,” the app description reads.
Within said feed, tapping on a story pulls up the publisher’s page, along with a menu with sharing tools and a dislike button. There’s also an option to block all news from a particular source, and to save articles for later.
Beyond the feed, Hummingbird’s got a search function for topics and viral videos, and a profile tab — aptly titled “Me” —  that yields a list of topics you’re following, articles you’ve saved, and your viewing history. The latter is also where you can disable automatic GIF and video playback.
Hummingbird’s unceremonious debut comes months after Microsoft announced a redesigned News app for iOS and Android, which brought with it personalization upgrades including the ability to tailor interests to follow the news feed. Shortly after, in August, the Seattle company rolled out 
, an artificially intelligent news aggregator that provides an overview of developing stories in Bing search results, complete with a blow-by-blow timeline of events from “various perspectives” and relevant social media posts.
“Users’ trust in the news we present is of the utmost importance to Bing,” the Bing team wrote at the time, “and we’re committed to providing a well-rounded view of news from diverse, quality sources … Being an informed consumer of the news is more challenging today than it used to be, [and] our goal is to provide broader context for impactful stories, from politics to business to major disasters, and much more.”
Google, for its part, in May unveiled a revamped 
 app for smartphones. Like Bing Spotlight, the new and improved Google News intelligently reads articles, podcasts, videos, and social media posts, and leverages AI to fact-check and highlight items of particular note.
Beyond the category selector and downranking system, it’s unclear how Hummingbird is selecting which stories to show. Some experts believe that AI-powered ranking systems could, if not thoughtfully designed and deployed, create a negative feedback loop.
“When you click a conspiracy video on a platform like YouTube, it optimizes more clicks and advertiser views and shows you crazier and crazier conspiracy theories to keep you on the platform,” Richard Socher, chief data scientist at Salesforce, told VentureBeat in a 
. “And then you basically have people who become very radicalized, because anybody can put up this crazy stuff on YouTube, right? And so that is like a real issue. Those are the things we should be talking about a lot more, because they can mess up society and make the world less stable and less democratic.”
Fortunately, AI presents a possible solution, too. 
 earlier this year demonstrated a system that can detect so-called fake news and stories with political bias.
With its “end of 2018” deadline for launching a 
 now precariously close, AT&T has 
 a partnership with Cradlepoint to offer several different “5G Evolution” routers that deliver fast 4G today — with the promise of supporting faster 5G speeds in the future. The announcement gives AT&T the ability to start selling 5G-upgradeable hardware nationwide without actually guaranteeing 5G network service in a given area.
Cradlepoint’s routers are exclusively available to two AT&T customer bases: business users, and subscribers to the FirstNet service for first responders. They come in the following versions:
On a positive note, the features and performance promised by the 5G Evolution devices are likely to be at least adequate for current deployments. The vehicular routers will enable everything from taxi cabs to emergency response vehicles to obtain precise GPS locations and up to 1Gbps of data performance, with FirstNet subscribers enjoying enhanced security and prioritized communications.
That peak 1Gbps speed, however, is only available in the “parts of 31 cities” that have 
, with “more than 400” 
 peaking at a lower speed of 400Mbps. Small businesses with basic connectivity needs may be able to rely on 400Mbps for everything they need today, but multiple concurrent users could easily choke an LTE modem.
Left unclear from the announcement is the actual 5G upgrade path for Cradlepoint customers. AT&T says that the routers use a “modular modem design” that will let customers “easily upgrade” to 5G, and says that the companies are “collaborating on the development of 5G solutions” for this purpose. One way to read this is that the 5G upgrade will involve hardware, not just software, and that it won’t necessarily be free of charge.
A Cradlepoint spokesperson says that the Cradlepoint 5G Evolution routers will be available only on the AT&T and FirstNet networks until March 2019. Pricing for the hardware has not been disclosed.
PARIS–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 13, 2018–
      
,       a fast-growing neurotechnology startup developing a groundbreaking,       noninvasive, AI-based brain-computer interface geared to the mass       market, announced today it has raised $4.6 million in funding to bring       its direct brain command solution to technology integrators and game       developers in 2019. This recent funding round features a prestigious $1       million innovation award from 
and investments from private contributors who include notable       technology entrepreneurs 
, founder and former CEO of Unity Technologies, and 
, founder and former CEO of The Eye Tribe.    
      “We’re honored to have gained such incredible support and excited that       our years of research will result in bringing this new approach for       neural interfaces to the mass market,” said 
, founder of NextMind. “Our product has the ability to       improve the way people interact with their computers, and I’m thrilled       to have some of the greatest minds in sensor technology and gaming       collaborating with us.”    
      NextMind’s technological development also benefited from early funding       through academic grants supporting the Paris research lab, the 
 at École Normale Supérieure, out of which the       company was formed in 2017. 
,       a professor of neuroscience and director of the lab, is working with a       fast-growing team of Ph.D. scientists who together have been leading       research and innovative discoveries in cognitive neuroscience over the       past two decades.    
      NextMind is developing a discrete noninvasive brain-sensing device for       the mass market that will allow users to play games and control       electronic and mobile devices, including virtual and augmented reality       headsets, in real time using just their thoughts. NextMind combines new       brain-sensing technology with innovative machine-learning algorithms to       translate brain waves into direct digital commands, making it easier for       end users to navigate the computer systems they’re using. Utilizing its       brain-sensing technology, NextMind analyzes neural signals from the       brain and translates them into digital commands or feedback       instantaneously on a wireless digital interface.    
      “I’m excited to see NextMind bring its innovations to the gaming world,”       said Helgason. “I believe this type of technology is essential to the       progression of this industry and future of computers. I’m thrilled to       have the opportunity to be a part of this groundbreaking innovation and       look forward to its many possibilities, not only in the gaming and       virtual reality space, but in technology in general.”    
      Through the combination of artificial neural networks and neural brain       signals, NextMind can decode a user’s intention in real time, creating a       robust and more organic translation of human neural activity. With       decades of experience in the field of neuroscience research and having       published more than 50 
       in peer-reviewed journals such as Science, Nature, and the Journal of       Neuroscience, NextMind’s team of brain specialists has an advanced       understanding of how to capture neurophysiological signals in a       noninvasive manner and turn them into meaningful data that can be used       to create innovative neural interfaces.    
      “NextMind provides the most immersive experience I have seen so far,”       said Johansen, whose eye-tracking technology was 
. “What they’re offering takes       nonintrusive brain-sensing technology to the next level. The team is on       track to almost eliminate calibration, discomfort and other well-known       challenges among brain-computer interfaces. They hold the potential to       pave the way for countless innovations and I’m excited to be a part of       it.”    
      NextMind anticipates introducing its hardware and software in 2019.    
      To view the NextMind press kit online, visit 
.    
      
    
      NextMind is a fast-growing technology startup specializing in       groundbreaking, noninvasive neural interfaces. By combining innovative,       noninvasive brain-sensing technology with machine learning algorithms,       NextMind’s technology translates brain signals into digital commands in       real time, making it easier for end users to interact and control       computers and VR/AR headsets. For more information, visit 
       and follow us on 
       and 
.    
      Kristina Messner
Focused Image (for NextMind)
+1       (703) 678-6023    
 — Google said on Thursday it had launched an artificial intelligence program in Thailand to screen for a 
 which causes permanent blindness.
The eye screening program in Thailand follows a similar Google program in India and highlights a push by big tech companies to show the social benefits of new AI technologies.
“As a society, we have a responsibility to use AI in the best possible way,” Kent Walker, the company’s Senior Vice President for Global Affairs, said in speech at a Google event in Bangkok on Thursday.
The event also highlighted other social benefits of Google’s AI projects, such as stopping illegal fishing in Indonesia.
Google’s Thailand diabetes program was announced in partnership with a Thai state-run Rajavithi Hospital. This followed a joint-study which found the AI program to have an accuracy rate of 95 percent when it comes to disease detection, compared with 74 percent from opticians or eye doctors.
The program analyses patients’ eye screen results to assess if they are at a risk of vision loss, which will enable them to have preemptive treatment.
Thailand is one of the world’s most important sugar producers and high sugar consumption is common amongst its 69 million population.
The Thai government has been campaigning against behavior that can lead to diabetes and has made the diabetic eye screening one of the country’s national health indicators since 2015.
Thailand has only around 1,400 eye doctors for its 5 million diabetic patients, who are all at risk of the vision loss, Paisan Ruamviboonsuk, Ravajithi Hospital’s assistant director, told reporters.
Paisan said the program is intended to achieve a nationwide eye screening rate of 60 percent, which is also the Thai government’s target.
In October, Google said it would grant about 
 globally next year to humanitarian and environmental projects seeking to use AI for good.
, the PC gaming store that was recently started by Kongregate, has announced a partnership with the 
 (IMB) to highlight indie games from around the world.
They will create a traveling showcase that will highlight the best indie games from the IMB Alumni Network, hand-picked to be featured in a custom, “spotlight” feature.
Kongregate wants Kartridge to become a beacon for quality indie games, and it already has hundreds of titles, gamer chat, badges, and player rewards. It will be a tall order in taking on Valve’s Steam, but the goal is to create an alternate way for game developers to get their games discovered and merchandised with more control over the whole process of selling a game.
Indie Megabooth’s Alumni Network consists of more than 800 indie developers and its showcases are a hotbed for discovering unique indie games that cater to diverse audiences.
Above: Indie Megabooth’s featured games will be highlighted on Kartridge.
With booths at PAX West, PAX East, GDC, and more, IMB’s growing reach aligns with Kongregate’s focus on increased discoverability and supporting unfamiliar, but sophisticated indie talent.
Indie Megabooth Spotlight will giving these hand-curated quarterly lineups center stage on Kartridge to cast a light on IMB alumni. Similar to the event showcases, IMB will refresh its recommendations and bring new games to Kartridge every quarter.
IMB Alumni games on Kartridge will be easily identifiable by an exclusive emblem on their game pages, distinguishing them as a previous IMB showcase selection. IMB’s network is a mix of up-and-coming indie talent and larger indie studios with notoriety; as a result, IMB’s alumni community includes all sorts of genres, experiences and voices that represent a comprehensive and diverse cross-section of the current indie games scene.
Above: Kartridge is an indie games store that is an alternative to Steam.
“It’s no secret that I’m a firm believer in the power and importance of thoughtful curation. Not only is it important to address discoverability issues for indie devs, but diverse curation creates a welcoming environment for new fans to discover creatively accessible games and experiences. The Megabooth team is so excited to be partnering with Kartridge to highlight our unique take on curation and focus on community,” said Kelly Wallick, CEO of Indie Megabooth, in a statement. “For IMB, it’s extremely important to us that we choose to work with partners who reflect our values and are committed to creating a positive impact on the gaming industry, which is why we’re thrilled to be working with Kartridge on this unique collaboration.”
Above: Indie games need help getting noticed in PC game stores.
For the first “IMB Spotlight,” Indie Megabooth is taking a holistic approach to curate a well-rounded representation of what fans discover when exploring Indie Megabooth events.
The first collection of games includes:
The Kartridge and Indie Megabooth partnership started with a shared ambition to positively nurture both independent developer and player communities. With a passion for inclusion, diversity, and high-quality content, the “IMB Spotlight” on Kartridge embodies much of what both Kongregate and IMB value as organizations, the companies said.
“We truly value IMB and its contribution towards helping indie developers succeed,” said Anthony Pecorella, Kartridge’s director of content, in a statement. “As a platform, developer, and publisher, we’re always eager to find more ways to support independent developers. With Kartridge, we can help extend IMB to a digital platform and wider audience; we’re excited to amplify the curatorial vision and indie spirit that makes the Megabooth so special.”
Kartridge is currently in open beta. Indie Megabooth is preparing for the 2019 PAX East and GDC showcases, which host more than a hundred dev teams combined.
“Blockchain developer” is the top emerging job in the U.S. — according to data  published in LinkedIn’s 
.
Blockchain has come a long way since Satoshi Nakamoto developed a cryptocurrency that allowed strangers to conduct financial transactions anonymously and without the need for intermediaries, such as banks. Bitcoin, as the cryptocurrency is known, has emerged from the shadows of the dark web to claim the attention of the global masses, perhaps most notably over the past year as its value has fallen from the giddy heights of nearly $20,000 last December to under $4,000 today.
It’s not surprising that “
” was 
 this year.
Intentionally or not, Bitcoin served as a proof of concept for its underlying blockchain technology, and we’re now seeing all manner of use cases develop. Spotify is looking to 
 by entrenching data such as timestamps and ownership within a media asset. Individuals may also be able to 
, with the original publisher earning a cut of the money. The possibilities really are endless.
But to truly flourish, as the early internet and world wide web did, blockchain needs developers with the skills to build on its foundation and fulfill its potential. That could be why “blockchain developer” tops this year’s LinkedIn emerging jobs report.
Using data gleaned from the 
, which serves as a “digital representation of the global economy” by analyzing the skills and job openings from across 590 million members and 30 million companies, LinkedIn found that “blockchain developers” has grown 33-fold in the past four years. In this case, “emerging jobs” refers to the growth of specific job titles on LinkedIn profiles in the period between 2014 and 2018.
It’s worth noting here that “blockchain” didn’t appear anywhere in the 
, while “machine learning engineer” topped the list last year — it’s in second place this year.
Above: Top 5 U.S. emerging jobs
It’s clear that artificial intelligence (AI) technology is more than a fad, which is probably why machine learning featured prominently two years in a row — and this year we’re seeing it split into sub-categories, including “machine learning specialist” (#4) and “machine learning researcher” (#14).
Some might argue that blockchain is 
, but its 
 is 
. It will be interesting to see if the blockchain developer trend continues into next year.
Meanwhile, if you are interested in pursuing a career as a blockchain developer, LinkedIn data suggests that 
, ConsenSys, and Chainyard are big when it comes to hiring in the field, while San Francisco, New York City, and Atlanta are geographic hotspots. Udacity also 
 this year.
After dipping its toes into original programming for more than a year, Facebook launched its Netflix and YouTube competitor, 
 globally this summer. Now, Facebook is saying for the first time since August how many people are tuning in.
In a 
 published today and attributed to Facebook’s head of video Fidji Simo, the company said that more than 400 million users monthly and 75 million users daily spend time on Facebook Watch (that’s just counting people who spend at least a minute watching). Of the 75 million people who tune in daily, they spend more than 20 minutes on average in Facebook Watch.
YouTube has more than 1.8 billion users each month, so Facebook Watch isn’t quite a YouTube killer yet. Facebook Watch did land some big names for its original programming; Jada Pinkett Smith hosts a talk show on Facebook Watch, and Catherine Zeta-Jones headlines a scripted show called 
. But as 
 Facebook Watch is struggling to rope in younger viewers, and the company is asking some publishers to tailor content toward more users 30 and older. Facebook did recently strike a partnership with MTV to release a new season of 
, so that might draw in younger viewers.
In 2019, Facebook also said that it will be giving more advertisers the capability to insert advertisements into their own videos, and will test ad breaks in other formats, like in livestreams from gamers. The company also wants to create a more unified home for all of its video offerings, such as those found in Watch, in News Feed, or on individual pages.
Facebook
 that the one minute metric Facebook uses to count viewers comes from one minute of cumulative viewing over the course of a month or day, not consecutively. That will likely add more fuel to the fire of Facebook Watch skeptics.
Apple’s notoriously wonderful gadgets seem to be getting 
, which in most ways is a positive development. More power gets packed into increasingly mobile devices that take up less room in our bags, and we’re able to grab our coveted Apple products and take them with us on the go without much hassle.
One area in which this constant technological evolution can be seen to have a negative impact, however, is device connectivity — especially when it comes to charging — and any true Apple fan knows how difficult it can be to navigate through a sea of charging adapters and dongles that only serve to complicate life and add unnecessary clutter.
The 
 is the world’s first and only wireless station that can charge an iPhone, Apple Watch, and AirPods simultaneously, and it’s currently available for over 65 percent off at just $37 when you use code 
 at checkout.
It would be easy to assume that such a versatile charging station would inevitably be a desk-cluttering eyesore, but this sleek charging station breaks the rules by offering a truly minimalist and modern design that fits in with any decor.
You’ll be able to eliminate the number of obnoxious charging cables you have to deal with on a regular basis and charge all of your devices at once on a single, streamlined interface.
It can stay on your nightstand or be taken with you on the go thanks to its compact build, and you’ll be able to charge your devices even faster than you would with a traditional wall socket thanks to Qualcomm 3.0 Quick Charging Technology.
Whether you’re looking to reduce clutter in your own life or give that Apple fanatic on your list the perfect gift this holiday season, the iPM 3-in-1 Wireless Charging Station has you covered for 
 — over 65 percent off its usual price when you use code 
 at checkout.
As the Sega Genesis turns 30, Amazon has teamed up with Sega to offer 
, a package of 25 of the most popular Genesis games, on 
.
The games include Sonic the Hedgehog, Golden Axe, and Streets of Rage. Yes, that means my colleague Mike Minotti can do the Sega scream, “Sega! Sega! Sega!” The collection costs $15.
Above: Golden Axe
To play, customers only need their Fire TV remote – or they can pair a compatible Bluetooth controller to their device. To get started, players simply need to open the Sega Classics app on a Fire TV and start playing. Fifteen of the games support multiplayer, so you can play on the couch with friends and family.
Sega Classics games include:
Sega Classics is also available on Fire TV devices in the United Kingdom, Germany, Brazil, Australia, France, Italy, and Spain.
Uber today brought Horovod, a framework for distributed training across multiple machines, to open source initiative 
. Uber has used Horovod to support self-driving vehicles, fraud detection, and trip forecasting. Contributors to the project include Amazon, IBM, Intel, and Nvidia.
In addition to Uber, Alibaba, Amazon, and Nvidia also use Horovod.
The Horovod project can be used with popular frameworks like TensorFlow, Keras, and PyTorch.
Uber joined Linux Foundation last month and joins other tech companies like AT&T and Nokia that have come forward to support LF Deep Learning Foundation open source projects.
The announcement was made at 
 being held this week in Seattle.
The LF Deep Learning Foundation was created in March to support open source initiatives for deep learning and machine learning and is part of the Linux Foundation.
The launch of Horovod comes a month after the 
, an open exchange for AI models.
Other projects undertaken since the launch of the foundation include the machine learning platform Angel and Elastic Deep Learning, a project to help cloud service providers make cloud cluster services with frameworks like TensorFlow.
Those projects were added in August by Baidu and Tencent respectively, which are founding members of the LF Deep Learning Foundation.
More than 60 percent of 
 fans on Twitch said that they have followed competitive gaming for more than four years, according to a research study by market researcher 
.
In contrast, among the broader U.S. esports audience, only 1-in-5 have been following this long, with 23 percent new to esports within the past year. Nielsen surveyed more than 2,000 U.S. esports fans who follow games like League of Legends, Overwatch League, and Fortnite.
The report has data that marketers, rights holders, and esports organizations can use to make decisions for investments, sponsorship and advertising, Nielsen said. It also said that 50 percent of Twitch esports fans have a paid TV subscription service; less than 40 percent claim to view television on a weekly basis.
And 90 percent of Twitch esports fans can recall at least one nongaming related sponsor within esports. That’s good for brands that might want to sponsor esports events.
Esports fans are more likely to spend time engaging with esports over traditional sports — Twitch fans significantly so, with 70 percent dedicating more time to esports than traditional. Nielsen also found that 60 percent of Twitch esports fans engage with gaming personalities on a daily basis, and nearly one in three viewed at least five hours of live Fortnite video content on Twitch in the past year.
“As we continue to support our esports clients, a common theme has been their need for an even more detailed view of the esports audience to support data-driven business decisions,” said Nicole Pike, managing director at Nielsen Esports, in a statement. “At Nielsen, we know the power of viewership and how it can enrich an already valuable data set like our Fan Insights work. Given Twitch’s depth of content and reach across esports properties, we are thrilled to have the opportunity to work with them since this marks a natural evolution for our annual research.”
Nielsen collected the Twitch Esports Fan data via an online survey deployed among a representative group of U.S.-based users from the Twitch Research Power Group (RPG).
Next time you order something from 
, a robot might greet you at the doorstep. The San Francisco on-demand delivery firm today unveiled Serve, a four-wheeled delivery rover that’s capable of autonomously navigating sidewalks and city streets.
It’s the first commercial product from Postmates’ new research and development lab, Postmates X, and comes as Postmates reveals that it’s now averaging 4 million deliveries each month in 550 cities.
Serve’s colorful, LED-laden exterior belies its complex internals. The meter-high robot packs a suite of sensors including RGB cameras, sonar, time-of-flight sensors, GPS, and a lidar sensor supplied by Velodyne, plus a control panel with a “Help” button, a video chat display, and a touchscreen. Nvidia’s Xavier platform powers the little guy, and its electric motors carry up to 50 pounds for 25 miles on a charge — enough to make a dozen deliveries per day, by Postmates’ estimation.
It’s mostly driverless, but Serve’s progress is overseen remotely by a team of human pilots ready to take control in the event of a problem. And to ensure it operates within San Francisco’s newly enacted delivery robot rules, which limit companies to three robots each, capped at a speed of three miles per hour, Postmates said it’s soliciting a permit from the City.
At the start, in municipalities where Serve will be deployed in the next year (including Toronto and Los Angeles), it’ll fulfill direct deliveries to customers. (A top hatch conceals a cargo compartment that’s unlocked with the Postmates phone app or a passcode.) But it can also deliver food from restaurants to dispatch hubs in congested neighborhoods, Postmates says, from where delivery people can take packages the last mile.
With the rollout of Serve, Postmates enters a lucrative autonomous delivery market filled with well-funded startups like 
, 
, Boxbot, Dispatch, and Robby, to name a few. (Postmates previously partnered with Starship to pilot delivery robots.) The 
 forecasts, in fact, that driverless rovers like Serve will make up 85 percent of last-mile deliveries by 2025.
And that’s not to mention companies like 
, which teamed up with grocery giant Kroger for self-driving grocery deliveries in the U.S. this summer; Robomart, which recently announced plans to test its driverless grocery store on wheels; Udelv, which partnered with 
 grocery chains in 
 to transport perishables to customers’ doorsteps; and 
, which is collaborating with Postmates to deliver items from Walmart stores in Miami-Dade County.
But Ali Kashani, Postmates’ vice president of robotics at Postmates, envisions Serve as more than just a delivery robot. It could one day deliver medication, patrol neighborhoods, and help to eliminate food waste, he 
 in an interview.
“Somehow, as a society, we are OK with the fact that we are moving a two-pound burrito with a two-ton car,” Kashani said.
The single-player component of Hearthstone’s newest expansion, 
, is out now on PC and mobile. The new solo mode, Rumble Run, is free for all players.
Hearthstone is the king of the digital card game market. The game has over 
. Gaming intelligence group 
 expects it to make $414 million this year, which will account for 26.7 percent of the total market. New experiences like this can keep its huge audience playing for longer (and increase the odds they’ll spend money on card packs).
Rastakhan’s Rumble came out on December 4, but as usual with Hearthstone expansions, this solo mode waited a couple extra weeks to debut.
Rumble Run has players taking on the role of Tikkar, a young troll eager to prove himself in the arena. You will start by picking a class and entering your first match with a weak deck. After each victory, you can earn new cards to make your deck stronger. If you lose, you have to start over.
The mode is similar to past solo adventures like Dungeon Run and Monster Hunt. These have proven a hit with fans, as their random elements and multiple classes give people a good reason to play through the mode multiple times. It also gives Hearthstone an advantage over digital card games like 
 and 
, which don’t have extensive solo modes.
Square is perhaps best known for its core payments product that allows any merchant to accept card payments through a mobile device. But the company also offers a number of complementary services, such as 
, small business financing 
, and a bookings service called Square Appointments.
Square Appointments 
 after Square 
 BookFresh.
In a nutshell, the service is designed to help small businesses, such as salons and gym instructors, increase their bookings by making it easier to schedule appointments. Naturally, this ties into Square’s broader payments and point-of-sale infrastructure, so customers can pay online in advance or upon arrival at the front desk.
Above: Square Appointments
Today, Square announced that it will integrate Appointments with Instagram and Google, meaning that merchants can chase new customers through two of the biggest properties on the internet.
Earlier this year Instagram 
 new call-to-action (CTA) buttons for businesses in conjunction with a bunch of reservation partners, including Booksy, OpenTable, Yelp, GrubHub, and Eventbrite. This meant that service providers on Instagram no longer had to link to a website or other online property — customers could buy tickets, book classes, or order all manner of goods through Instagram directly. Now Square’s Appointments service is part of the mix, too.
All merchants have to do is add a relevant CTA button to their Instagram profile and they can generate bookings directly from their photo-obsessed followers.
Above: Square Appointments in Instagram
In terms of Google, well, the internet giant first started testing its Reserve with Google service 
 in a handful of U.S. cities, before 
 last year.
Up until now, business owners accessing their 
 account could choose from a number of scheduling providers, such as Booksy, SuperSalon, and SimpleSpa, to enable bookings directly from Google Search or Google Maps.
Sellers using Square Appointments can now get involved too.
Above: Square Appointments in Google
Google is essentially synonymous with the internet for many consumers, as it serves as a portal into just about every facet of modern life — including searching for and booking appointments.  And given that 
, with 1 billion users, that integration too will serve as an easy way to remove the friction from booking classes online.
Though the web still plays a key part of ecommerce for millions of business, it is no longer essential to securing customers online. Indeed, according to Square, 50 percent of Appointments users do not have their own website — and with these latest integrations, they may never need one either.
 has announced that PlanetSide Arena will be the next installment in the multiplayer sci-fi shooter series. It will be a battle royale game, and it’s coming out for PC on January 29.
The first PlanetSide came out for PC in 2003. 
 followed in 2012. The series prides itself on its scale, supporting hundreds of players during single battles. These games have a sprawling, persistent world for players to explore, but Arena will focus on single matches inside one map (like the experience you’d expect from other battle royales like 
 and PUBG).
Fortnite has especially become a giant hit, having earned over $1 billion in revenue across all platforms. Now more traditional shooter series, including 
, 
, and 
 are entering the battle royale scene. PlanetSide Arena is the latest to follow the trend.
And despite this upcoming launch, Daybreak Games is staying committed to supporting PlanetSide 2. Daybreak described Arena to GamesBeat as a bridge between PlanetSide’s present and future (alluding to an unannounced PlanetSide 3 or another game in the series).
Most battle royales, like Fortnite, support 100 players at a time. Daybreak Games is touting that PlanetSide Arena could have 1,000 people in a single match.
But it won’t launch with such an experience. At first, Arena will test things out with a 250-on-250 team mode. But 500 players is still significantly bigger than what most people are used to. Arena will also have traditional solo and team battle royale modes with 100 players.
“We can already support 1,000 players in PlanetSide 2,” PlanetSide Arena’s executive producer Andy Sites told GamesBeat. “We set the Guinness record back in 2015 for the largest battle ever online, which was just under 1,200 players. We know it’s technically feasible. We just want to make sure — at the end of the day we want it to be fun. We might find out that 800 players in PlanetSide Arena is the max population that’s any fun. We might find out that it’s over 1,000. We want to start with 500 and go from there.
PlanetSide Arena will also have a class system. You can pick one of three classes: Assault, Engineer, and Medic. Each one will have special abilities (the Medic, for example, can heal). Every player will also get a jetpack and a personal vehicle. This is a small vehicle with a short cooldown (about 20 seconds). It can help you explore the game’s large map or give you an escape if you’re desperate for one. Larger vehicles will also be available across the map.
Above: PlanetSide Arena’s classes.
You start off with just a knife. You then have to scavenge the map for more items and weapons. This is similar to the typical battle royale setup. But you can also equip weapon blueprints before you enter a match. You don’t start with these guns in your inventory, but you can find terminals where you can buy them.
You can purchase these weapons with a currency you acquire during the match. This currency is not persistent, meaning you can’t carry it over from one match to another.
“You don’t get anyone starting the match with the upper hand, having currency immediately available,” Sites told GamesBeat. “There’s no pay to win option, anything like that.”
Each season of the game will have different weapon blueprints, and blueprint guns from the last season will show up as regular weapon drops in the map during the new one.
Above: Fighting in PlanetSide Arena.
The base version of PlanetSide Arena will cost $20. This will give you access to the game’s first season pass. Like the system in Fortnite, it has you unlock items as you play the game. In Arena, this includes weapon blueprints and cosmetics.
You’ll have to pay again for the next season’s battle pass. But each season will also have a free version of the battle pass. Like in Fortnite, this will give you significantly less rewards. But you’ll still be able to continue playing the game even if you don’t want to pay for additional season passes.
And PlanetSide 2 Daybreak All Access Members will receive PlanetSide Arena and be granted closed beta access. Everyone who preorders PlanetSide Arena will also get access to a closed beta.
Fortnite is king of the battle royale market, and the scene is becoming flooded with competitors. But PlanetSide Arena’s focus on giant battles, and the help of an established fanbase of PlanetSide 2 players, could help it become successful.
Urban transportation startup 
 today announced that it has raised $23 million in venture capital as the electric scooter and bike company prepares to launch its first pilot early next year.
Founded in Amsterdam earlier this year by French expats Maxim Romain and Henri Moissinac, the company says its scooters are designed explicitly for urban use, with wider wheels for better grip, wider decks for more stability, and more effective brakes.
In addition, the modular design allows all parts to be repaired or replaced, easing maintenance. The company also vows to work directly with local governments and partners to launch services that are tailored to cities’ needs and regulations. Having exploded first in places like China and the U.S., urban scooter programs are now catching fire in Europe, where U.S. companies such as Lime and 
 along with 
 and 
“We believe we can significantly reduce the number of cars in cities if we make green vehicles such as e-bikes and e-scooters an enjoyable and practical experience for city residents,” Romain said in a statement. “This is why we focus on well-designed vehicles, safety, and sustainability — so we’re still operating in cities in 20 years.”
Above: Dott’s team
The round was led by EQT Ventures and Naspers Ventures and included money from Axel Springer Digital Ventures, DN Capital, Felix Capital, FJ Labs, U-Start Club, and various angel investors.
“Due to environmental and congestion concerns, last mile transport in cities has to get smarter. And it’s no surprise that e-scooter adoption is rapidly increasing,” said Lars Jörnow, partner and investment advisor at EQT Ventures, in a statement.
The company is launching its first electric scooter pilot in January at Paris’ Station F startup campus. The program will be linked to Station F’s new co-living space, 
.
Acute myocardial infarction (AMI) — or coronary 
 — is the leading cause of death in the U.S., and by 2035, it’s estimated that nearly half of adults will suffer from some form of it. Troublingly, most incidences of AMI occur absent obvious symptoms like chest pain or shortness of breath. But researchers at Florida State University and the University of Florida, Gainesville are recruiting artificial intelligence (AI) to help predict one-year mortality in intensive care unit patients who have experienced an episode.
One-year mortality was selected as the prediction window because it would allow for comparison to other studies, the researchers wrote, and because it would take into account patients that had multiple AMI-related ICU admissions within a two-year period.
“Compared with risk assessment guidelines that require manual calculation of scores, machine learning based prediction for disease outcomes such as mortality can be utilized to save time and improve prediction accuracy,” they wrote in a paper (“
“) published on the preprint server Arxiv.org. “This study built and evaluated various machine learning models to predict one-year mortality in patients diagnosed with acute myocardial infarction or post-myocardial infarction syndrome.”
To assemble a dataset, the paper’s authors sourced MIMIC-III, a freely accessible critical care database maintained by the MIT Lab for Computational Physiology containing 58,000 hospital admissions from 40,000 patients. They whittled the list down to 5,037 subjects (accounting for 7,590 admissions) by selecting features “proven to be predictors of mortality,” such as kidney and liver function, admission, demographic, treatment, lab values evaluating long- and short-term overall health, and various cardiac markers.
In the end, the team decided to look at the data based on admissions — 5,436 with a diagnosis of AMI or premenstrual syndrome (PMS), the latter of which is associated with heart palpitations — rather than individuals. That was because in some cases, patients survived a year in one admission but didn’t survive a year in another.
The researchers preprocessed the records to remove duplicates, multiple treatments for the same admission, data entry errors, and outliers. To compare performance across several different machine learning models, they tapped Waikato Environment for Knowledge Analysis (WEKA), a Java-based software developed at the University of Waikato, New Zealand.
Using Google’s open source TensorFlow framework on a PC with a 2.2GHz Intel Core i7 processor, the team trained more than a dozen classification algorithms on the corpus, including AdaBoost, Attribute Selected Classifier, Bayes Net, Classification Via Regression, and Decision Stump, to name a few.
In tests, two AI models — the Logistic Model Trees (LMT) and Simple Logistic algorithms — performed better than the rest, achieving 85.12 percent accuracy in identifying the 30 percent of patients from the dataset (1,629) who died within one year of admission. (A third algorithm, J48, followed close behind with 84.88 percent accuracy.) Interestingly, a deep neural network model — a model with layers of mathematical functions that loosely mimic the behavior neurons in the human brain — outperformed all of the machine learning algorithms studied in its ability to identify patients who died within one year.
“This reflects a common understanding in data science that there is no universally applicable algorithm that outperforms all the other algorithms all the time,” the researchers wrote. “There are many factors that can affect mortality rates following a myocardial infarction. Figuring out a way to utilize the information regarding these factors will assist in accurately predicting possible outcomes.”
The paper’s authors note that the imbalanced dataset (30 percent of one-year mortality cases) was a limiting factor for the study, as were data gaps like missing lab and chart values. But they contend that the results show that correct diagnosis and treatment of AMI have a demonstrable effect on one-year mortality.
“As seen from this dataset, there is not one specific factor that provides the needed predictability information, while being able to include all relevant criteria leads to improved predictions,” they wrote. “The improved predictability obtained by using machine learning can help at-risk patients strive for compliance to treatment plans to improve mortality risk.”
 are live, which means that players can engage in direct player-to-player duels for the first time.
 said today that players can now fight in player-vs.-player Trainer Battles at levels 10 and up in Pokémon Go. The new feature comes two-and-a-half years after the debut of the location-based game, which has generated more than 
 and reached more than 800 million players, at last count. Niantic had to bring other features, like friends
While Trainers (players) have been able to participate competitively in Gym battles and cooperatively in Raid Battles thus far, now they can go head to head in battles where three of their creatures square off against three from the other player’s collection.
“When it comes to creating a fun and engaging Trainer Battle experience, we had to strike a careful balance,” Niantic said in a 
. “On one hand, we wanted the system to be easy and straightforward enough for any Trainer — even someone relatively unfamiliar with the mechanics of Pokémon video games. At the same time, we wanted to create a unique competitive experience that gave Trainers who are passionate about battle an avenue to create complex strategies. We accomplished this balance by implementing Trainer Battle Leagues and creating even more opportunities for Trainers to build battle strategies.”
Above: Pokémon Go also has remote Trainer Battle play between players with strong friendship ties.
 how the fighting works earlier. It found ways to match casual players against other casual players, and pit hardcore players against those with similar experience levels.
Leagues aren’t just for new-player accessibility. Fans of previous Pokémon video games know that restrictions on allowed Pokémon change the competitive landscape drastically. Since the Master League has the most powerful Pokémon to operate at full strength, winning strategies may involve powerful Legendary Pokémon and clever counters.
Compare this to the Great League — the CP limitation means almost every Pokémon is on an even CP playing field. This means a huge number of Pokémon all need to be considered, so winning strategies may revolve more heavily around creative type matchups and surprising your opponent with the unexpected, Niantic said.
“In designing Trainer Battles, we wanted to emphasize the importance of strategy,” the post said. “For example, battle updates that accompany Trainer Battles will increase type-effectiveness bonuses, and Trainers will be able to unlock an additional Charged Attack for their Pokémon to increase their versatility in battle. Changes like these enable Trainers to think more creatively in order to beat their opponent in a fast-paced format that is unique to Pokémon Go.”
The team said that Trainer Battles build upon Pokémon Go’s emphasis on encouraging in-person social interaction, so remote gameplay is limited to only play between Ultra Friends and Best Friends.
Members of Microsoft Research, together with students from Dutch and Danish universities, have won a cucumber-growing competition held in autonomous greenhouses at Wageningen University and Research in Holland.
Team Sonoma, as it’s known, beat out competitors from Tencent, Intel, and human horticulture experts and was the only team to grow more than 50 kilograms of cucumbers per square meter, according to Wageningen University officials.
The competition included five teams, which ran greenhouses remotely from other parts of the world, as well as a human team to enable performance comparisons between traditional and AI approaches. AI systems were required to control actuators and make decisions for factors like water amounts and sunlight levels, with humans only allowed to intervene to do things like cut cucumbers from the vine.
Team Sonoma was the clear winner throughout the competition in total production of cucumbers, followed closely by the human cucumber growers. Team Sonoma also beat the human team in 
. Student members of Team Sonoma came from the University of Copenhagen and Wageningen University.
Team iGrow from Tencent and the Chinese Academy of Agricultural Science finished in second place overall.
For achieving some of the lowest levels of costs, labor, electricity use, and carbon dioxide output of competing teams, iGrow was also acknowledged by a jury of peers for the best AI strategy, 
, director of the Wageningen University scientific research team that hosted the competition.
Following a hackathon to build AI models this summer, the 
 took place between August 27 and December 7.
Teams were not just competing to grow the most cucumbers; they also had to demonstrate sustainable practices. Total production accounted for 50 percent of team points, while AI strategy was worth 30 percent of points and sustainability the remaining 20 percent.
Team Sonoma achieved the highest sustainability score, though human teams used lower levels of electricity per kilogram of cucumbers than any of the AI teams.
In third place overall was The Croperators, a team made up of employees from companies Delphy and AgroEnergy.
Deep Green, made up of Intel employees and National Autonomous University of Mexico students, came in last place in total production and total overall score.
In a post announcing results Thursday, Wageningen University and Research said the competition does not mean that all greenhouses will now be run by computers.
“First of all, the scale of the Challenge was limited. In addition, there are many decisions and [plenty of] crop work in and around greenhouses for which people are indispensable,” the 
.
The competition was sponsored by 
, an initiative for funding promising companies and projects from the Chinese tech giant.
Cucumbers were chosen for the challenge, Tencent chief exploration officer David Wallerstein 
, because a large dataset was available to train AI systems to grow cucumbers.
Wallerstein said Tencent chose to fund the challenge in order to better explore indoor farming at a time when cities are continuing to grow and climate change is of increasing concern.
“I think the opportunity we see is for kind of a decentralization of global agriculture and moving agricultural productivity or growth potential closer to cities and into cities,” he said. “There’s all kinds of ways that we can reimagine how certain spaces are used and how we source our food. And we think it’s an important opportunity for humanity to diversify its food resources, as well as ensuring we’re eating healthier diets.”
At more than 3 million hectares, China has the most greenhouses in the world, according to information compiled by the International Society for Horticulture Science. European nations like Spain, Italy, France, and the Netherlands are ranked among top 10 indoor farming countries in the world.
Attention to indoor farming may be growing among tech giants. Earlier this week, GV (formerly Google Ventures) led a 
, a company that uses AI to grow produce and that plans to open vertical farming operations near U.S. cities in 2019.
With a host of innovations launched this year, it’s an exciting time for Taiwan, a country known for efficiency and production. The opening of Amazon’s latest innovation center in Taipei this past August, combined with the country’s tech-savvy spirit, have created an invigorating atmosphere for product designers and manufacturers.
Some of the best new innovations in information and communications technologies will be showcased at 
 through the efforts of 
. CES attendees visiting the booth — 
 — will see the latest advancements in smart transportation, smart home, smart healthcare, and gaming.
When it comes to mobile gaming, the
 gets all the glory. Developed by multinational Taiwanese company ASUS, the ROG phone takes gaming performance to the next level.  Incorporating the world’s fastest 2.96GHz speed-binned Qualcomm® SDM845, and an innovative GameCool vapor-chamber cooling system, the ROG Phone gives you the edge you need for total domination.
And then there’s the MSI 
. Want to check your ammo, health, or power stats? No problem. This monitor is housed in a beautiful 27” curved VA display for maximum viewing pleasure, with built-in RGB LED’s on the front and support of SteelSeries GameSense.
Ever seen an “underwater drone”? You can with the 
. It’s an ROV system that utilizes interchangeable, modular components residing on a single, intelligent network. It provides a flexibility that sets the Mission Specialist ROV series apart from current technology in the Remotely Operated Vehicle industry.
Need amplified listening and noise reduction to identify subtle heartbeat abnormalities? This new 
 provides detailed sound recordings, amplifications, and visuals. The 
 includes an embedded mobile device that transmits data to the cloud and point-of-care facilities enabling advanced data management.
And before CES begins, Taiwan Excellence will host a press conference — “The Future is Smart: Taiwan Innovations for 2019 & Beyond” — at the Mandalay Bay South Convention Center, Level 2, Lagoon K, in Las Vegas from 4 p.m. to 5 p.m. on Monday, January 7
, 2019. The event provides early access to some of Taiwan’s most innovative companies’ spokespeople and their products, as well as the opportunity to hear from senior officials from TAITRA. Media representatives are encouraged to register in advance or to request for one-on-one media interviews 
.
Four Taiwan Excellence award-winner companies will present the latest technology and products — from high-tech retailing to IoT smart devices.
Each product showcased at CES is a recipient of the 
. This Award was established in 1992 by Taiwan’s Ministry of Economic Affairs to recognize and honor both innovation and value among Taiwanese products. It recognizes exceptional products for their robust performance in the following areas: R&D, design, quality, and international marketing. The award winners epitomize Taiwan’s unique ability in using innovation to create added value in the design and manufacture of cutting-edge products.
Whether you’re in Taiwan, the U.S., or anywhere else in the world, Taiwanese representatives are always looking for smart, driven companies that seek partnerships and alliances to forge new growth opportunities.
The government of Taiwan is supporting the country’s 
 by encouraging entrepreneurship and startups, assisting universities and researchers to secure funding, building relationships with R&D innovation circles globally, and building a culture of innovation among children with programs like those found at 
  or kids’ innovation contests at the new 
.
 has a broad view of what is happening in mobile user acquisition, brand advertising, games, adtech, and even 5G technology. And that’s why I thought it would be interesting to talk with Tal Shoham, chief operating officer for developer solutions at IronSource.
Shoham made some predictions about what will happen across categories as changes in one field — such as the introduction of 5G wireless data technology — can create opportunities, like making connected hardcore games on mobile devices more viable. We talked about IronSource’s expectations for the year.
And we also noted that IronSource is introducing a new tool dubbed the 
, which helps mobile marketers figure out return on advertising spend (ROAS) using both in-app purchase data and user-level ad revenue data. IronSource is launching this tool today to enable user acquisition managers to automatically bid on dynamic CPI (cost per install) rates to hit their desired ROAS goals.
The tool is one of many that can help simplify the hard task of getting new users for mobile apps and games. And it fits with Shoham’s prediction that finding users through advertising is becoming more and more complex.
“There’s no difference between advertising in-app and advertising in traditional channels. In both, there are different qualities of users stemming from a variety of different factors, and advertisers must know how to bid according to those users,” said Shoham.
Here’s an edited transcript of our interview.
Above: Tal Shoham, COO of mobile at IronSource.
 The first thing we thought about is everything that evolves the technology in terms of internet and communications technology. 5G and everything that has to do with upgraded phones and unlimited packages of data. We see that starting to affect the newest tech that’s being produced. That’s not a hyper-casual prediction at all. It has nothing to do with hyper-casual, actually. Hyper-casual can run on all phones.
This trend, in terms of 5G — phones could have crazy capabilities like unlimited packages. We feel that will create more advanced hardcore games that need those capabilities to live. We already see some of them — with games like PUBG or Fortnite — hardcore 3D games that need to be online all the time and you mainly play on strong phones. With old phones they’re not a great experience. That’s one prediction, everything around tech upgrades, richer content, upgraded phones, and unlimited packages of data.
 The second thing I’d say is that everything that has to do with user acquisition and monetization, in terms of the teams themselves within gaming companies — we feel that’s going to become much more in sync, up to the point where it will be one team in many of the companies we’re talking to. This definitely has to do with 
, because with hyper-casual, the user acquisition and monetization will usually be on the same team. We see that with all the leading hyper-casual game companies.
It’s one person who takes care of user acquisition and monetization per title, which is very different than what we’re used to with the triple-A studios, the hardcore studios, and even the mid-core or casual studios. A lot of the companies we work with are already consolidating the teams in charge of user acquisition and monetization, or they’re working a much more synched way than they used to.
It doesn’t need to be ad monetization or in-app purchase monetization, but usually this is relevant for heavy ad monetization revenue games. That’s happening more and more. The hyper-casual trend, again, is pushing this a lot more, because there the user acquisition and monetization go hand in hand. The return on ad spend is being calculated by the monetization team, which is in charge of ads, much more than on other teams.
In some companies this is still completely isolated. We just had a few meetings with companies in London where the marketing and monetization teams are not in sync at all, which is something that can happen in a game that’s heavy on ad monetization. But that’s not happening in the hyper-casual world.
Above: Hyper casual games are taking off.
 The third prediction we talked about, and that we feel strongly about, is publishing. We see that as a huge trend in the last year. More and more game companies are going into publishing, meaning not necessarily building the title, the application, the game themselves, but finding someone else to build it and doing everything else. That means marketing, everything having to do with monetization, helping with localization, helping with design here and there, giving all kinds of pointers. We see that becoming a huge trend.
It’s happening not only with gaming companies. We also see what happened with AppLovin. 
, a big notion around that. We see it with more and more game companies. In the hyper-casual world, of course, it’s very strong. It happens all the time. Voodoo, Ketchapp, all these guys, this is one of their biggest value propositions in the market: the fact that they don’t build all their games. They build only a small portion of their games. But we also see it with companies like Miniclip and others.
That’s going to become stronger and stronger. With the barriers to entry, the capabilities you need to build a game on your own or with a small team — when you find a publisher that becomes more and more available. For us to take part in that, we don’t see that it makes sense as a technology vendor or a mediation provider, and an ad network as well. But we see it as a strong trend. We’re seeing it in a lot of other companies we’re talking to, both gaming companies and other companies.
Above: Alex Yazdi (right) and Gabriel Rivaud of Voodoo at Casual Connect Europe.
 The main difference is that hyper-casual games are usually much more simple. They don’t need a lot of resources to run them. They’re not complicated. You look at examples like Crossy Road or Flappy Bird. Flappy Bird broke the market back in the day. They’re games where you don’t need a team of 10-15 people. You can build them with one, two, three developers. It doesn’t need months of work. You can build them in a couple of weeks, once you have an idea. You don’t need a lot of designers. It’s a very simple design that you can build in a very short production time. Likewise, the gameplay is very simple. It usually starts from the same point as you finished the last time. We do see hyper-casual level-based games as well, though.
Finally, the majority of the revenue, more than 80 to 90 percent, comes from ad monetization rather than in-app purchases. That’s probably the biggest differentiator compared to casual, mid-core, and hardcore. You have casual games from King and others where the majority of the revenue comes from IAP. In hyper-casual it’s the opposite. The revenue for those companies is coming from interstitials, rewarded video, banner ads, and maybe a bit of removing ads as an in-app purchase. But only 10 or 20 percent, or even in some cases 2-5 percent, comes from IAP, which is a huge difference in the economy of a game, how a game is built, and how much you need as far as rewards or currency within the game. There’s not necessarily a big incentive for players to purchase a currency and convert that into IAP when you monetize primarily with ads.
Another prediction we can talk about, then, is what’s going to be the future of hyper-casual? We do see, with some of the clients we have and some of their games, that hyper-casual is probably going to evolve into something else. It’s not going to stay as simple as it is. The next generation of hyper-casual, or hyper-casual 2.0 — we’ll see publishers adding more layers of depth, metagame layers and other features to hyper-casual games. It makes a lot of sense.
One thing I feel very strongly about — a lot of the things that are working well for casual games, in terms of how to monetize users and drive them into IAP, are going to penetrate more into the hyper-casual world. We’ll see a more balanced economy. Instead of 90 percent coming from ads, it’ll be more like 50-50. There are a few good examples of companies already doing this, either with IAP or subscriptions or removing ads or whatever it is. There will be more layers to push users toward IAP and other monetization. We feel that’s going to be much more beneficial for Google and Apple, because they see a cut of that. They’re pushing toward that route. We predict that hyper-casual will become a bit more similar to casual, with an emphasis on functionalities that casual has as well to monetize users with IAP.
Another interesting trend or prediction we see is automation. Automation is very big. A lot of the companies out there are working on it. Game developers are trying to automate as many tasks as possible in the casual and hyper-casual world, and also in platform and technology development. For instance, one of the strongest products we released this year was something that allows you as a UA buyer to set all of your bids automatically according to the results of your campaign. You can change 20,000 or 30,000 different bids every day in an automated way, which is far more manual work than a UA manager could ever do.
Facebook’s Portal smart display is adding support for custom video call camera control, Instant Games, and several other new features.
The updates are part of Facebook’s efforts to convince consumers to buy the Portal over 
 and 
.
Unique to Portal are an AI-powered camera and volume for enhanced video calls, and developers and third-party businesses will be invited to take part in growing an ecosystem around in-call AR experiences and Portal apps.
Initial games being added for Portal include Battleship, Disney Tsum Tsum, Draw Something, Shake It Up-Poker Dice, Sudoku, Super Baseball, and Words With Friends.
 for customers in the U.S. last month and was the first device created in-house by Facebook’s Building 8 skunkworks operation. Along with the Portal launch, Facebook made a Portal team to create devices under its AR/VR division for consumer electronics.
Custom camera control being added today will allow users to do a simple pinch and zoom to focus the camera in a specific place in the frame of view.
Custom control during video calls is being incorporated into Smart Camera, the AI-powered feature for Portal that frames video calls by recognizing the location of people in front of the camera’s 140-degree view. Custom camera control comes in addition to Highlight, a feature available at launch that can automatically follow a person’s face during a call.
Also added today: a web browser for skimming the internet and sites like YouTube, as well as Portal apps for CNN and ABC News. Streaming audio from iHeartRadio has also been added to the list of things you can do during Portal video calls.
You will also be able to call people based on the relationship you have indicated in the Facebook app, so you can say “call mom,” for example.
Though a number of features were added today, the device is still limited in its ability to serve up the thing Facebook built its empire upon: content from your friends. When you aren’t making video calls or playing music, Portal shares photos that you or your friends are tagged in on Facebook, but it does not share content from other popular Facebook apps, like Instagram or 
Experiences people can have during calls are also changing: Holiday-themed augmented reality camera effects are now available, and new content is being added for Storytime, a feature that places you at the center of an AR story.
In addition to Portal and Portal+, Facebook is reportedly planning to 
 in spring 2019. They will likely compete with Amazon’s Fire TV stick and Google’s Chromecast, which can be controlled with Alexa and Google Assistant through Amazon’s line of Echo speakers and Google’s line of Home speakers, respectively.
, an international money transfer service based in London, has raised $17.5 million in a series B round of funding led by San Francisco VC firm Hard Yaka and Vostok Emerging Finance, with participation from Revo Capital, U-Start Club, and Practica Capital.
Founded in 2012, TransferGo is one of a number of London-based fintech startups to raise VC cash for services that involve transferring money to individuals or businesses in other countries. WorldRemit has raised north of $230 million, including a 
 last year, while Azimo 
 earlier this year. Elsewhere, TransferWise 
 last November, taking its total funding past the $400 million mark.
A couple of months back, TransferGo 
 a “free” international money transfer service, which is subsidized in part by its premium “same day” service.
Above: TransferGo fees
, the remittance market — payments made by an individual working abroad to someone in their home country — grew 7 percent last year to $617 billion and are likely to grow a further 10.3 percent this year to around $690 billion.
For now, you can only send money with TransferGo from European countries, but you can send that money to 47 markets around the world, including the U.S., China, and India. Indeed, India tops the remittance recipient market, 
 this year.
With a fresh $17.5 million in the bank, TransferGo said it plans to expand into more markets and develop new products.
“We’ll use this funding to fuel our international expansion and increase market share — particularly across Turkey, India, Ukraine, and Russia — and continue to develop new products and services for our customers,” said TransferGo CEO and cofounder Daumantas Dvilinskas.
Today’s news comes the same week as PayPal’s remittance service, Xoom, 
 for the first time. It now allows people in Canada to transfer money into more than 130 markets globally and is expected to launch in further markets in the coming months.
The international money transfer market, it seems, is hot.
 and 
 announced today that they have extended their partnership, which will result in $100 million invested in esports initiatives through 2021.
The two companies have been working together on gaming competitions for 18 years, which they call the longest partnership in esports. The $100 million will go to developing technology and creating new events and tournaments.
“ESL and Intel have worked side by side on growing esports for nearly two decades,” said Ralf Reichert, founder and co-CEO at ESL, in a press release sent to GamesBeat. “We built a number of cornerstones of this industry together and helped many gamers in becoming legends of the sport. The long-term extended partnership with Intel opens even more opportunities for us to take our efforts to a whole different level on a global scale.”
ESL hosts giant esports event around the world. It’s 10 biggest events this year attracted up to 15,000 daily visitors.
“This joint investment with ESL into the ecosystem means that the esports growth and innovation that we’ve led over the past two decades will continue,” said John Bonini, vice president and general manager of VR, gaming, and esports at Intel Corporation, in the press release. “This partnership will advance the rapid evolution of esports, and Intel is committed to ushering in this new era with technology solutions that place the gaming community and fans first.”
Although the legal battle between Apple and Qualcomm took an unexpectedly negative turn on Monday when 
, Apple is reportedly working on two strategies to skirt the ban — one for iPhone hardware, and one for iOS software.
On the hardware side, Apple is considering increasing production at Pegatron, which the 
 reports is the only iPhone contract manufacturer that paid Qualcomm a licensing fee for the disputed technologies. As a licensee, Pegatron would be exempt from China’s ban, enabling it to supply iPhone models for sale within the country.
Of the currently banned iPhones, Apple is only actively marketing four: the 
, 
. Older 
 models subject to the ban were 
 along with the newer 
, though that model is said to have 
 to supply unspecified price-sensitive markets. Even so, unsold inventory of each model could still be circulating throughout the region and country.
Apple is also pursuing a faster software-based workaround for the Chinese ban. Shortly after filing a request for reconsideration with the Chinese court, Apple told 
 that it will release a software update for iPhones in China early next week, changing the photo and app management functionality covered by Qualcomm’s patents. While maintaining that it believes it is in compliance with the court’s ruling, Apple said that the update will “address any possible concern about our compliance with the order.”
The risks of an iPhone ban in China are apparently higher for Apple than was widely realized. In its request to the Chinese court, Apple 
 that the country’s ban would force it to either settle with Qualcomm, leading to higher fees for multiple companies’ smartphones, or “suffer truly irreparable harm,” along with other companies, consumers, and the government. The damage cited includes the loss of manufacturing jobs, popular products, and tax revenues. In total, Apple claimed that its own ban-related losses would amount to millions of dollars per day.
For its part, Qualcomm has 
 that it hopes to settle the dispute with Apple, though in recent weeks that sentiment has apparently turned from optimism over a mutually acceptable agreement to a greater expectation of trial-based resolutions. With well over a billion dollars now at stake, the companies are currently fighting a 
 in courts around the world, all circling the issue of whether smartphone modem and processor maker Qualcomm is overcharging for its portfolio of patents — fees Apple initially agreed to pay, then sought to cut.
Facebook has revealed an API bug that may have exposed more photos than users intended to third-party developers.
Usually, Facebook’s photo API limits third-party access to images users have already shared to their public feed. As a result of the bug, however, the company said that photos uploaded to Marketplace, its 
, and its Snapchat-like 
 may have been accessed by other apps.
Additionally, photos uploaded to Facebook as part of an intended new post that had not yet been physically posted to the public may have been unwittingly exposed.
The company said the bug likely affected up to 6.8 million people who used Facebook’s login system to authenticate themselves on any of around 1,500 apps from 876 developers. Moreover, Facebook said the bug was active between a 12-day period from September 13 to September 25, 2018.
“Our internal team discovered a photo API bug that may have affected people who used Facebook Login and granted permission to third-party apps to access their photos,” Facebook’s director of engineering, Tomer Bar, wrote in a 
.
While the overall scale of the bug is small relative to Facebook’s 
, the news comes at a sensitive time for the company, which is still reeling from a slew of privacy and security issues. In addition to the widely publicized 
 that exploded into the public’s consciousness in March, Facebook also revealed that it 
 for status updates to public, and it 
 affecting nearly 50 million accounts.
Facebook didn’t say when it discovered the latest bug, but 
 (GDPR) requires companies to report such data breaches to the appropriate European authorities within 72 hours of discovery — failure to do so can result in massive fines.
The regulations 
:
In the case of a personal data breach, the controller shall without undue delay and, where feasible, not later than 72 hours after having become aware of it, notify the personal data breach to the supervisory authority competent in accordance with Article 55, unless the personal data breach is unlikely to result in a risk to the rights and freedoms of natural persons. Where the notification to the supervisory authority is not made within 72 hours, it shall be accompanied by reasons for the delay.
The company added that it has now fixed the bug and that it will be notifying those who were potentially affected via an alert to visit a help center link. It also said that it would be working with developers to establish who was impacted and to delete any photos that the third parties didn’t have explicit permission to collect.
“We’re sorry this happened,” Bar added. “Early next week, we will be rolling out tools for app developers that will allow them to determine which people using their app might be impacted by this bug. We will be working with those developers to delete the photos from impacted users.”
:
Wevr’s 
 delivered a mesmerizing deep-sea experience with blue whales and other creatures when it debuted on virtual reality platforms in 2016. And now Wevr is launching an all-new undersea adventure, TheBlu: Deep Rescue, at the new 
 social VRvenue at a mall in Los Angeles today.
The original version of TheBlu helped Venice, California-based helped Wevr set itself apart from many of its rivals in VR, which sadly didn’t live up to the hyped expectations. And that enabled Wevr to operate profitably in VR, despite the treacherous waters. Like many VR studios, Wevr has expanded, or pivoted, into location-based entertainment, said Neville Spiteri, CEO of Wevr, in an interview with GamesBeat.
Audiences at Dreamscape’s venue in Westfield Century City can now experience Wevr’s critically acclaimed undersea immersive adventure TheBlu in a radically new location-based installment with cinematic narrative and social interaction. As many as six players can join the same experience in a social VR setting. Wevr has a partnership with AMC Theaters and Dreamscape.
Above: I met Neville Spiteri of Wevr back in 2012.
TheBlu home edition was one of the rare VR hits, as it was a beautiful experience that let you view an underwater world in three dimensions.
Directed by Jake Rowell, the new adventure reimagines TheBlu’s vivid undersea simulation as an interactive multi-person experience propelled by an action-based and emotionally engaging narrative.
“VR has been a singular experience, but we always wanted to be in there with other people,” said Rowell, in an interview. “Working with Dreamscape allowed us to do that. We put you in there with six people. We created full-body avatars tracking everything. We essentially make you a diver and put in a narrative thread where you go on a journey together.”
During the mission, you have to work with others to get big tasks done, Rowell said.
It’s not a slam dunk that shifting into VR arcades and destinations will succeed. 
 just announced they hit some bumps in the road with both VR venue and home VR expansions.
“VR is so new that we are experimenting,” Rowell said. “We are being mindful of learning. We are finding projects, like with early movies and video games, that will allow us to expand into an area that we think creates immersion and presence and may be the spark that lights the larger market on fire.”
Above: TheBlu
“We’ve been constantly reevaluating and being very diligent about this space,” Spiteri said. “Though VR hasn’t lit the world on fire, there are many small fires that are warm and cozy, popping up all over the place. We’ve stayed the course, more than anything.”
He added, “It’s an early market, but there’s no question there is an appetite for well-crafted VR experiences. We have stayed the course. We are still committed to the space. We believe that presence, as delivered in VR, is unmatched by any other medium. We are seeing real returns. TheBlu is a profitable franchise for us. We see several other companies that unfortunately haven’t made it. There’s a real challenge there and it requires navigating the minefield. But our partnership with Dreamscape is an investment that will help us move the medium, keep the lights on, and get us in a better position for the next year, as the market grows both in and out of the home. If anything, we are doubling down on the space. And consumers clearly have an appetite for new experiences.”
With Dreamscape’s focus on cinematic storytelling, the result is an opportunity to experience something most only dream about—the extraordinary sights and sensations of traveling with friends deep beneath the waves and swimming alongside giant blue whales. Even more, it allows audiences to viscerally experience the act of saving an endangered species, Spiteri said.
Above: TheBlu debuted in 2016.
“Feeling what it’s like to be a member of an elite dive team on a mission to save an endangered blue whale is truly wish-fulfillment beyond one’s wildest dreams and a huge step closer to realizing the ultimate promise of immersive entertainment,” said Dreamscape Immersive CEO, Bruce Vaughn, in a statement.
“Wevr is not simply a VR or AR studio. We make all types of immersive content and always think about how to use the newest technology to create the best experiences and stories,” said Wevr cofounder Anthony Batt, in a statement.
Spiteri said that Wevr is working on pioneering media on augmented reality and mixed reality technologies as well.
Alongside TheBlu, Wevr has partnered with director Jon Favreau (Iron Man, The Jungle Book, The Lion King) for Gnomes & Goblins, as well as produced experiences with creatives including Reggie Watts, Run the Jewels and Deepak Chopra. In 2017 the company was included on Fast Company’s list of “Top 10 Most Innovative Companies in AR/VR.”
Wevr has 55 people. About 25 worked on TheBlu: Deep Rescue, though the core team was more like 10 people.
“There’s a way to thread the needle here where the economics really work at scale,” Spiteri said. “It’s challenging. It’s not a slam dunk. But I think next year is going to be a very good year for us.”
, 
 and 
 are partnering to gather audience data for potential sponsors of Hi-Rez’s esports games such as 
, 
, and
.
Those games have more than 70 million players. 
, an esports audience monetization platform, will use its proprietary artificial intelligence analytics to gather and analyze player data.
Thsi data will enable 
 to better understand its audiences, helping the developer to create better fan experiences and to secure additional sponsors while at the same time helping those sponsors achieve higher returns.
“At Hi-Rez, providing the best experience for our audience and supporting activations that best serve them is very important,” said Todd Harris, chief operating officer of Hi-Rez Studios and president of Skillshot Media, in a statement. “With the data and audience analytics provided by FanAI, we will be able to better serve our existing fans while paving the way for a bigger exciting future for our players.”
This partnership also integrates anonymized player data into the FanAI platform, including games played and playtime, which will be cross referenced with existing audience analytics to provide a deeper look at gaming and esports audience segments.
Once integrated, FanAI will be able to show not only what the audience is playing, but also what they are watching and purchasing. Hi-Rez will use this enriched information to support new esports activations and continue grassroots community involvement in events and competitions.
“Working with Hi-Rez and Skillshot will give FanAI a unique opportunity within esports and gaming,” said Johannes Waldstein, founder and CEO of FanAI, in a statement. “With the addition of their player information to our existing audience data sources, we can see who is playing games, who is watching esports, how much they are playing and watching, if that watching is online or at an offline event, and much more. We now have the full circle of audience information to help guide brands in their activations and help Hi-Rez show the value of their particular audience. No one else has this level of granular audience information to provide direction and support for marketing, sponsorship, and sales activities.”
 announced that it is scaling back its support for Heroes of the Storm. It is canceling the Heroes of the Storm and Heroes of the Dorm esports events in 2019, and it is also shifting some developers off the ongoing game, according to a 
.
Heroes of the Storm hasn’t gathered the same following in the multiplayer online battle arena market as League of Legends or Dota 2 (which is an adaptation of Defense of the Ancients, the Warcraft III mod that created MOBAs in the first place).
Here’s the full text of the letter to fans from J. Allen Brack, Blizzard president, and Ray Gresko, chief development officer.
We’re constantly changing and evolving not only our games, but how we support and grow them. This evolution is vital to our ability to continue doing what we love to do—making great games—and it’s what makes Blizzard, Blizzard.
Over the past several years, the work of evaluating our development processes and making hard decisions has led to new games and other products that we’re proud of. We now have more live games and unannounced projects than at any point in the company’s history. We’re also at a point where we need to take some of our talented developers and bring their skills to other projects. As a result, we’ve made the difficult decision to shift some developers from Heroes of the Storm to other teams, and we’re excited to see the passion, knowledge, and experience that they’ll bring to those projects. This isn’t the first time we’ve had to make tough choices like this. Games like Diablo II, World of Warcraft, StarCraft II, Overwatch, and more would not exist had we not made similar decisions in the past.
Despite the change, Heroes of the Storm remains our love letter to Blizzard’s worlds and characters. We’ll continue actively supporting the game with new heroes, themed events, and other content that our community loves, though the cadence will change. Ultimately, we’re setting up the game for long-term sustainability. We’re so grateful for the support the community has shown from the beginning, and the development team will continue to support Heroes with the same passion, dedication, and creativity that has made the game such a unique experience.
We’ve also evaluated our plans around Heroes esports—after looking at all of our priorities and options in light of the change with the game, the Heroes Global Championship and Heroes of the Dorm will not return in 2019. This was another very difficult decision for us to make. The love that the community has for these programs is deeply felt by everyone who works on them, but we ultimately feel this is the right decision versus moving forward in a way that would not meet the standards that players and fans have come to expect.
While we don’t make these decisions lightly, we do look to the future excited about what the decisions will mean for our other live games and all the projects we have in the works. We appreciate all of our hard-working developers and everyone in the Blizzard community, and look forward to sharing many more epic gaming experiences with you in the future.
J. Allen Brack and Ray Gresko
(
) — YouTube took down more than 58 million videos and 224 million comments during the third quarter based on violations of its policies, the unit of Alphabet’s Google said on Thursday in an effort to demonstrate progress in suppressing problem content.
Government officials and interest groups in the United States, Europe, and Asia have been 
 to quickly identify and remove extremist and hateful content that critics have said incite violence.
The European Union has proposed online services should face steep fines unless they remove extremist material within one hour of a government order to do so.
An official at India’s Ministry of Home Affairs speaking on the condition of anonymity on Thursday said social media firms had agreed to tackle authorities’ requests to remove objectionable content within 36 hours.
This year, YouTube began issuing quarterly reports about its enforcement efforts.
As with past quarters, most of the removed content was spam, YouTube said.
Automated detection tools help YouTube quickly identify spam, extremist content and nudity. During September, 90 percent of the nearly 10,400 videos removed for violent extremism or 279,600 videos removed for child safety issues received fewer than 10 views, according to YouTube.
But YouTube faces a bigger challenge with material promoting hateful rhetoric and dangerous behavior.
Automated detection technologies for those policies are relatively new and less efficient, so YouTube relies on users to report potentially problematic videos or comments. This means that the content may be viewed widely before being removed.
Google added thousands of moderators this year, expanding to more than 10,000, in hopes of reviewing user reports faster. YouTube declined to comment on growth plans for 2019.
It has described pre-screening 
 as unfeasible.
The third-quarter removal data for the first time revealed the number of YouTube accounts Google disabled for either having three policy violations in 90 days or committing what the company found to be an egregious violation, such as uploading child pornography.
YouTube removed about 1.67 million channels and all of the 50.2 million videos that were available from them.
Nearly 80 percent of the channel takedowns related to spam uploads, YouTube said. About 13 percent concerned nudity, and 4.5 percent child safety.
YouTube said users post billions of comments each quarter. It declined to disclose the overall number of accounts that have uploaded videos, but said removals were also a small fraction.
In addition, about 7.8 million videos were removed individually for policy violations, in line with the previous quarter.
Americans are primed for nostalgia these days, whether it be the return of Murphy Brown, a reboot of Magnum P.I., or, in the case of hemp-derived CBD manufacturer 
, the iconic “Get a Mac” campaign from the mid-aughts that pitted Mac and PC against one another.
Diamond CBD, a nationwide leader in hemp extraction and distribution of CBD products for the health and wellness market, launched a new educational awareness campaign as a cornerstone of a call to action for quality and accountability across the industry. The series of video shorts introduces mainstream consumers to the differences between THC and CBD in a light, humorous way, playing off the 
.
And why not? As the National Review wrote last year, “Nostalgia is our national mode.” However, our communal trip down memory lane is not so much about being stuck in the past as it is about revitalizing our present. As 
, studies show that nostalgia helps to “[raise] our spirit and vitality.”
That makes nostalgia the perfect way to introduce those that are unfamiliar with CBD and want to know more about why it’s beneficial to overall health and wellness. What Diamond has created are not just educational videos, but journeys to places and times that we all remember and love, allowing us the opportunity to open our minds and receive answers to many common questions while debunking  myths in the process. It may all sound a bit out there, but it makes perfect sense.
It’s understandable why people may be confused about the differences between THC and CBD because they are both derived from the same plant. Many base their knowledge on misinformation, myths, and general lies circulating around the public. But, in truth, it’s all very simple.
Both marijuana and hemp come from cannabis. Hemp is CBD-dominant and marijuana is THC-dominant. Everything else is noise.
Years of fear-mongering and political backlash have given CBD and hemp a bad name in the eyes of the public. However, that’s all about to change as Congress prepares to 
 this year, ending years of confusion.
“It’s been a long, hard-fought battle, but with the passing of the farm bill this year, Congress is about to correct a decades-long mistake in which they classified hemp the same as marijuana,” said Brandon A. Dorfman, editor of PotNetwork News who’s been following the story for some time. “Mitch McConnell promised to include the hemp provision in the bill and so far he has come through.”
Once consumers understand that CBD is the cannabinoid that does not cause a high (unlike THC), it helps to change their entire perception of the compound.
Diamond CBD wanted to not only educate people but to give them a reason to watch these videos. Already an industry leader with such products as Chong’s Choice CBD — the CBD brand developed by industry icon Tommy Chong — as well as their Medipets line of CBD for pets, the company wanted to take the next step towards becoming a trusted consumer brand.
In a sentimental nod to the classic “Get a Mac” ad campaign originally developed for Apple, the “
” campaign uses two actors to embody the personas of THC and CBD, with brief, humorous exchanges that ultimately result in CBD prevailing over THC in some way.
These video shorts raise the standards for the CBD industry as a whole by recognizing the many health and wellness benefits produced by the CBD compound, as well as comparing it to the universally known THC chemical in an approach that is easy for the audience to understand. There’s no need to complicate the explanation of these two chemicals, so, therefore, these videos are ideal for anyone seeking an education on the facts.
Where these videos really shine though, is in their unique use of nostalgia. The “Get a Mac” campaign is still fresh in the minds of many, but with just enough nostalgia to make people remember a certain time in their life. It’s a great way to bring together both emotion and education in an innovative ad campaign.
The “I am THC, I am CBD” campaign is available for everyone on the 
, as well as on other high-traffic channels frequented by target demographics.
Diamond CBD is operating on the premise that entertainment can educate, better than long, complicated text. In the future, Diamond CBD hopes to create more videos in this campaign, as well as other video shorts that incorporate fun and creative ways on how to use CBD. Because Diamond CBD focuses on the research and development necessary to bring CBD to the mainstream, it’s crucial to keep the industry alive and well by maintaining a consistent flow. Alongside that notion, it’s important to be aware of the trends and appeal to people of all ages and lifestyles.
With the wide variety of Diamond CBD products, we believe it’s critical to let the public know about what CBD is, what it does, how much it costs, and why it may be beneficial. Using 
 can help improve your general health and wellness in a number of ways. But perhaps most important in putting to rest the many misconceptions, the videos effectively convey that CBD oil does not have the psychoactive components occurring within the THC compound that can alter the mind in a way that can distract from the more important things.
While the movies get scheduled pretty tightly, we often must guess when our favorite games will be coming. 
 last week helped us figure out part of what’s coming in 2019, and game publishers and developers and platform owners have given us other clues. And that’s how I’ve pieced together my list of the most anticipated games of 2019.
Last year, 
, which came out on January 26. But this time, I’m going for the early win, while other people are still figuring out their favorite games of 2018. (To be honest, I’m still trying to figure that out, too.)
Some of my expectations have been set by games that I’ve played before. Some of these games have been delayed so long, like 
 and Crackdown 3, that I’ve actually played them multiple times. That’s OK, as it gives me more confidence in picking them. Other picks are simply based on what I’ve seen in trailers or imagined what these games will be like. And that’s where thinking about the great games of the future gets to be a lot of fun. It ties up my expectations, hopes, and desires into one ball of anticipation.
It makes me feel good when the news finally gets confirmed, and it makes me feel even better when my picks turn out to be good ones. Last year, I chose 
 as my favorites. That may have been obvious, but it’s nice to see the game developers truly execute on the expectation they set for fans.
Yes, so far, these games have the Dean Takahashi stamp of approval. My colleagues will snicker at this list, and it may even compel them to produce lists of their own. But I’ve got the jump on them.
Check out the list below. The links on the titles go to YouTube videos or prior coverage, where available.
Above: The Monitor leads the Dominion in Anthem.
Anthem is growing on me, as BioWare finally shared 
 for this sci-fi action role-playing game that you play with friends in the hopes of taking back a world that has many dangers and only a few sanctuaries. You fly around in big mechs and stay in constant touch with a radio operator who feeds you information and emotion as you go out on missions to scrounge supplies, protect settlers, or attack enemies. The gameplay looks solid, as you can fly around in your mech and cause a lot of destruction with your rockets and other weapons. This is EA’s first major new intellectual property in a decade, and the company is pouring so much into it that it has to be good, right?
Above: Doom Eternal brings hell to Earth.
Id Software showed an extensive level of the gameplay for 
 title at the Electronic Entertainment Expo. It is the first game being developed with the id Tech 7 game engine, which features 10 times the geometric detail and texture fidelity of the previous engine. It is a sequel to the successful reboot, 
, from 2016. So far, we know that it features a grappling hook that lets you grab on to demons and dash to them. The weapons are plentiful, like the extendable blade you can use to decapitate enemies during melee. This time, hell has descended on Earth.
Above: Rage 2
Id Software studio director Tim Willits predicts that we will see a “golden age of id,” in part because it has a lot of games in the works. In addition to Doom Eternal, we know that Rage 2 will debut in 2019 to satisfy the blood lust of first-person-shooter fans. We’re seeing a lot more pent-up demand for this one, as the original 
 debuted in 2011. That game has a lot of critics for its car combat and FPS combination, but I liked it. I only wish it had more of a story. Oh, wait. This isn’t the Wolfenstein gang. These are the folks who just want to deliver a rocking good time.
Above: Skull & Bones
I was pleasantly surprised at the E3 2018 when I played this pirate game. I expected it to be simple, with naval battles similar to Assassin’s Creed IV: Black Flag. But it turned out to be a lot of fun to play because the graphics and audio were first rate. The sea looks realistic, and you can hear the crackling to guns and the snapping of wood when cannon fire shreds the enemy’s ship. It’s pretty easy to control the ships, and all you have to do is maneuver close enough to get a broadside on the enemy ship. It really immerses you in the fantasy of being a pirate. Aargh!
Above: Night combat in Total War: Three Kingdoms. Sun Ren gets ambushed.
I’m not always a fan Chinese mythology, but I’m very much looking forward this cross between Three Kingdoms mythology and Chinese history. It will have massive battles, including night ambushes and castle sieges, but it also features leaders with mythical powers doing single combat on the battlefield. You have to marshal the warlords of China into a faction that allows you to unite the kingdoms into a single empire. The strategic and tactical combat looks superb, as the Total War engine just keeps getting better at depicting battles with thousands of soldiers.
When Facebook acquired virtual reality headset developer Oculus back in 2014, there was no shortage of speculation that the social network’s goal was to generate advertising revenue inside VR headsets. Backed by a survey of 11,300 people across 11 countries, a newly posted 
 for marketers suggests how those dollars will be made: by enabling people to preview purchases without visiting physical stores, and facilitating social connections between far-flung friends and family members.
While the study touched on both virtual and augmented reality topics, respondents offered more concrete interest in VR than AR. Across all 11 countries, 65 percent of surveyed users anticipated that VR will become a part of daily life, led by a peak of 87 percent of users in India, compared with 60 percent in the U.S. and a low of 45 percent in France. Similarly, 63 percent of users said they wanted to use VR for pre-purchase product testing, which was apparently the strongest VR use case in the survey.
Previewing travel destinations or hotels was the top use of VR as a pre-purchasing tool, appealing to over 70 percent of all responding users, while watching immersive films and trying on clothes or makeup each averaged just under 60 percent. Surprisingly, using VR for gaming — arguably the top application today — apparently appealed to only 48 percent of all respondents. The numbers were much higher in developing countries than developed ones, reflecting a broader trend for VR as a whole.
Facebook has repeatedly emphasized its role as a connector of people across spaces, so it’s no surprise that the study found significant interest in related VR applications. According to the survey, 60 percent of people want to use VR to hang out with people who are far away, and 54 percent believe that VR will be used to participate in important events from a distance.
By comparison, AR continues to be in a more nascent state. Facebook notes that users are still becoming acclimated to augmented reality on mobile devices, “even if they don’t think of it as AR.” A few examples include real-time text translators, playing AR games such as 
, and adding artificial overlays to 
. Facebook says that 63 percent of U.S. internet users have tried an AR experience created by a brand, though it didn’t have many other AR-related statistics to share.
The company framed the survey results as a message to marketers, suggesting that it’s time for retail brands to determine whether using AR or VR will help clinch sales: AR might be best for a beauty product, while VR could work better for a destination, car, or otherwise realistically immersive offering. Current interest levels in both AR and VR “are only set to grow,” Facebook says, spurred by lower-cost all-in-one headsets such as the 
, which are attracting lots of first-time VR users — as high as 80 percent of the platform’s installed base.
The video game industry is witnessing the death of the standard revenue split for distribution platforms. For years, stores like Steam have taken 30 percent of every sale. Valve, which owns and operates Steam, recently adjusted that. Then, last week, 
 instead. Now, the communication platform Discord — 
 — is planning to only take 10 percent of each sale.
“Turns out, it does not cost 30 percent to distribute games in 2018,” 
. “After doing some research, we discovered that we can build amazing developer tools, run them, and give developers the majority of the revenue share.”
Discord is going to make this change in 2019. Alongside that shift in revenue sharing, it’s also opening up its store to more developers.
“We are going to extend access to the Discord store and our extremely efficient game patcher by releasing a self-serve game publishing platform,” reads the blog. “No matter what size, from triple-A to single-person teams, developers will be able to self publish on the Discord store with 90-percent revenue share going to the developer. The remaining 10-percent covers our operating costs.”
Discord also says it may try to go lower than 10 percent if it can work with developers to discover new efficiencies.
Discord’s play here is to ensure that every developer and publisher wants to operate on its store. Indie developers are going to jump to get that cut, but a 90/10 split could potentially even tempt a publisher like Ubisoft that operates its own platform. And the point is that Discord has enough users, so if it gets enough games, it could still make a profit just from the sheer volume of sales.
This is where Discord has an advantage over Epic when it comes to battling against Steam for PC-gaming dollars. Discord has over 200 million registered users. That’s similar to the 200 million Fortnite players that Epic has. The difference, however, is that Discord is primarily a PC service, so the vast majority of those players are on the PC. For Fortnite, however, only a fraction of those 200 million people play on PC. And while you could argue that even on mobile you need an Epic account to play Fortnite, it would still take a lot of work to get a significant number of those people to then install the Epic store on PC.
Discord is also a powerful word-of-mouth tool. While Epic does not seem interesting in offering many of those social tools, like forums, Discord is where gaming fans hang out online. This is where they talk to their friends about what new games are cool. It’s where I can see that eight of my friends are all playing the same game, so I should check it out. Oh, and Discord is going to make it easy for me to do that by putting a button to go to its store page right on my friend’s profile.
As more and more games begin to flood every market, developers are going to need to build a relationship with players. Or, they could partner with publishers that have a strong relationship with players. For example, indie publisher Raw Fury has its own Discord channel. Fans can hang out and talk about the games they’re playing, and then Raw Fury can start talking about its next when its ready to start selling it.
And Discord is emphasizing that direct relationship that it enables better than any other current platform.
“Discord has also brought game developers and their fans much closer together,” reads the company’s blog. “As a player, there is something amazing about jumping into a verified community server and talking directly to the developers who build the game you love.”
Finally, I think that Discord has an advantage over Epic because it has a subscription service. Discord Nitro gets you Metro Last Light Redux, System Shock: Enhanced Edition, and more for $10 a month.
On Epic, meanwhile, you get a free game every two weeks. Now, free is always better, right? But I don’t know if that’s true.
The Twitch app constantly gives away free games to Amazon Prime members, and few people seem to care. Now, “free for Amazon Prime members” isn’t the same as “free,” but considering 90 million American households subscribe to the service, it’s close.
Random free game giveaways don’t seem to do a lot to build loyalty for a customer, though. A subscription, however, does seem to have that effect. Just look at Netflix.
In the early days of Netflix’s subscription streaming service, it faced competition from a free, ad-supported Hulu. But no one cared about Hulu. The reason for that probably has something to do with people feeling a sense of ownership of their Netflix account. Hulu, meanwhile, just felt like TV networks putting their shows on the internet. And you had to catch the shows at a certain time or they would disappear. It was a hassle. With Netflix, however, you got the sense that your library of content was always growing in the background. And as long as you paid your money, you would have access to it.
It’s not a one-to-one comparison, but I think something similar is happening with games. If I pay my $10 each month for Discord Nitro, my library is growing on its own. If I want to grow my library on Epic Games Store, I have to check in every two weeks and go through the process to add the game manually to my account. And I may remember to do that every once in a while, but I would prefer to pay a monthly fee and know that I’m free to check in on the new games whenever I’m ready.
If you buy games, you have a lot of options when it comes to stores. Here’s what I have on my PC:
I’m sure that I’m forgetting some.
But the story here is that competition is starting to cause a lot of change in distribution. And while Steam has dominated the last decade of PC gaming, that doesn’t have to last forever. And maybe Discord or Epic won’t supplant Valve’s service. I would even wager that it’s unlikely that either will overtake Steam as a store.
But this space is ready for disruption, and that could open the chance for something like a subscription service. Maybe Discord Nitro, Game Pass, or Origin Access Premier will do to gaming what Netflix and Spotify have done to movies and music.
Pixowl, the maker of 
 voxel-based game world, has created a $2 million 
 that it will use to reward artists for creating items on its blockchain-based gaming platform.
 
, in part because of 
 plan to move into nonfungible tokens, or blockchain-based technology that can be used to uniquely identify items in games. These tokens can be used to reward artists for creating experiences in the new version of The Sandbox, which is a voxel-based world with blocky characters on mobile devices.
Other kinds of games, CryptoKitties, are adopting blockchain technology to enable owners to actually own the items that they create or buy in the games. Pixowl has been building The Sandbox community for more than six years, and the goal is to reward players who take the company’s tools to build even more things inside the world, said Arthur Madrid, CEO of Pixowl, in an interview with GamesBeat.
“We decided a year ago to develop a version of The Sandbox on the blockchain,” Madrid said. “We are on mobile and moving it to the PC and mobile. We wanted creators to be able to their own items with non-fungible tokens, unique items, on the blockchain, and be able to trade them. ”
Approved creators making new content will be rewarded with grants in their choice of fiat currency (like U.S. dollars) or cryptocurrency (including the platform’s own ERC-20 SAND token, which will mainly be used in Pixowl’s ecosystem). The Sandbox is a community-driven platform where creators can monetize voxel (using the pixelated style) assets and gaming experiences.
“We believe voxels are a big opportunity because so many users know how to create with them,” Madrid said. “They could build things, using these ‘digital Legos.'”
Above: The Sandbox has voxel art where users create the characters.
The Sandbox has 40 million installs and 1.2 million monthly active users on mobile. But the 2D game remains far smaller than rivals like Minecraft or Roblox. Fortnite, which lets its creators build their own items, is also a competitor, but it isn’t doing blockchain yet.
Pixowl will make a decentralized 3D version of The Sandbox on the blockchain, which is a transparent and secure decentralized ledger. That will allow PC and Mac users to monetize the non-fungible tokens (NFTs) that they use in the game.
“We’ve been building the existing 2D mobile game, The Sandbox, for six years,” said Sebastien Borget, chief operating officer, in an interview. “It’s a great mobile game. But we feel like we have a unique opportunity, taking the franchise we own, and adding multiplayer PC, adding a full experience for players, and the new blockchain technology as well so we can disrupt the two main competitors on the market. We can fill out the space that has not been completely covered by them.”
The Sandbox for blockchain aims to disrupt the market by providing the first blockchain platform in competition with rivals like Roblox or Minecraft. It will offer its large community of creators its own NFT builder gaming ecosystem.
“With The Sandbox, we are developing the first User Generated Content NFT marketplace and providing a decentralized future for content discovery,” said Madrid. “Our new Creator Fund offers an attractive option for creators to really own their assets while making money through publishing their creations on our platform.”
In The Sandbox, any creative person can make their very own static or animated voxel objects. It’s as easy as using children’s toy building blocks, and the creative process is aided by the platform’s intuitive VoxEdit tool that will allow anyone to create and animate NFT objects from scratch or import existing creations.
Above: The user-created marketplace of The Sandbox.
For the first time, creators will be able to publish their voxel creations on the blockchain as NFTs, or virtual tokens ensuring digital scarcity, security and authenticity without the limitations of central control. Models made by artists will be unique and their scarcity provable on the blockchain in perpetuity, allowing them to be freely and securely traded in The Sandbox as well as on third-party NFT marketplaces including OPSkins/WAX, a leading NFT exchange, and many others.
With true ownership of their NFTs, creators will hold a vested interest in success of The Sandbox.
“We have been investing a lot in this new game,” Madrid said. “You can really feel it is a different universe. The goal is to pay over 1,000 artists over the next two years. We will use part of our cash flow to build a user-generated content marketplace of NFTs. In the next few months, we expect to reach 10,000 assets available. They will be available for any creators to create games on The Sandbox.”
“The combination of the Creator Fund and our VoxEdit tool set provide an incentive for artists to get into The Sandbox early, potentially making their NFT assets the go-to models in their respective category,” said Madrid. “We want to fast track our vision of a voxel building platform online, as titles like Minecraft and Roblox have shown that creators of all ages can build online user-generated content beautifully and at scale.”
The Sandbox’s Creator Fund is an initiative supporting all talent without any distinction of age, sex, or country of origin. Money from the fund will predominantly be used to pay for artists to submit original voxel models via grants on a per asset basis. Ultimately, the goal would be to create assets that can be taken across platforms, from one game to another, Madrid said.
Above: The Sandbox makes it easy for players to create art.
“The probability is good that those assets could be used in another game beyond The Sandbox,” Madrid said. “The goal is to invest money to convince artists that creating NFTs is an opportunity to monetize on the blockchain, which brings true ownership. The tokenization of the asset enables it to be traded more easily.”
Artists will be able to register to qualify for grants, submitting their voxel models to The Sandbox team for approval. The Creator Fund is a revolving fund that will be replenished using transaction fees from the game’s marketplace. The marketplace is scheduled to launch in the second quarter of 2019. Madrid hopes the tools and the market and the tokens will be interoperable with other game worlds.
Artists can visit fund.sandbox.game to sign up to get notified when the fund begins taking applications.
Further details on the Creator Fund will be unveiled on the company’s Medium channel at medium.com/sandbox-game in the future.
Madrid and Borget founded Pixowl in San Francisco in 2011, with development studios in Buenos Aires.
As the first standards-compliant 5G cellular devices are on the edge of release, it might be too late to change the key technologies inside them. But an association representing 90 percent of the global SIM industry is now 
 cellular carriers to adopt a new 5G SIM card before they launch 5G services, a move that promises to enhance network security, user privacy, and battery life for the next generation of mobile devices.
The nonprofit SIMalliance suggests that practical and timing considerations will push carriers to consider three different types of 5G SIM cards: “transitional,” “recommended,” and “low power” alternatives. Transitional cards can be thought of as basic keys to let early 5G devices join 5G networks, including new 5G security protocols and secure temporary keys, plus support for over-the-air SIM updates and app management, but offering little else to improve the quality of a user’s experience. As the word transitional suggests, SIMalliance sees this sort of card as being used only in the earliest stage of 5G adoption by carriers.
By comparison, SIMalliance’s recommended 5G SIM promises to leverage the full power of the 5G standard, and be the “most future-proof” option. In addition to supporting enhanced 5G security, this SIM would protect the identities of 5G users using encryption, support multiple quality of experience features, and use device-specific resource optimization tools to prioritize multimedia content and local roaming performance.
In an era where GPS will be dramatically improved and devices will constantly be streaming data, 5G subscriber privacy is a major concern — but only for part of the cellular industry. By comparison, companies and 
 alike have agreed that the 5G standard must enable 
, explaining why security is included in the basic transitional card and privacy features aren’t.
A low-power 5G SIM would be a variation on the recommended card, designed specifically for internet of things (IoT) devices. It would have most of the recommended card’s features, but omit the subscriber privacy options while adding multiple protocols to support extended battery life. Next-generation 5G IoT sensors and devices are promising 10-year battery life by aggressively managing their use of small, quickly transmitted packets.
In addition to containing device-specific personalization details that would reduce network communications, this card could negotiate data activity levels with the device to conserve energy, and be capable of storing its status before switching off. The card could also be locked to the device or device type, preventing a traffic light SIM card with unlimited service from being stolen and placed in a phone.
“A SIM is the only platform which can be used to secure 5G network access according to the 5G standardization body, 3GPP,” explained SIMalliance chairman Remy Cricco. “On behalf of the SIM industry, SIMalliance advocates only one type of 5G SIM which promotes the highest levels of security and functionality in 5G networks. By deploying the SIMalliance Recommended 5G SIM at 5G launch, MNOs will offer their customers the best possible experience, services, security and privacy, while optimizing their investments and positioning themselves to realise the full potential of 5G as future use cases and possibilities unfold.”
If you’re interested in a deeper dive on the technical features expected to be supported in 5G SIMs, a full description of 
. It remains to be seen whether “recommended” 5G SIM cards will be able to arrive in the first wave of 5G smartphones expected in early 2019, or whether carriers will continue with transitional alternatives for some time.
Indie developer Cowardly Creations and publisher Digerati announced today that the pixelated survival horror game Uncanny Valley is coming to Switch on December 25.
Uncanny Valley has been on PC via Steam since 2015, were it has over 100,000 owners according to 
 although changes in Steam’s privacy policy. PlayStation 4 and Xbox One versions followed in 2017. Nintendo’s Switch, however, has become a hotbed for indie games. New titles like 
 and 
 have found success on the platform, but even older indie games like 
 are increasing sales by porting over to the portable/home console hybrid machine.
Most survival horror games are 3D affairs, such as Resident Evil and Silent Hill. Uncanny Valley stands out with a 2D, pixel-based take on the genre.
Uncanny Valley encourages multiple playthroughs to see all the game’s secrets. It also has a “consequence system,” where mistakes may not result in death but other problems, like a broken arm that makes shooting harder.
 Huawei faces fresh challenges in Europe after Germany’s Deutsche Telekom announced it would review its vendor strategy and Orange said it would not hire the Chinese firm to build its next-generation network in France.
The shift by the national market leaders, both partly state owned, follows Huawei’s exclusion on national security grounds by some U.S. allies, led by Australia, from building their fifth-generation (5G) mobile networks.
U.S. officials have briefed allies that Huawei is ultimately at the beck and call of the Chinese state, while warning that its network equipment may contain “back doors” that could open them up to cyber espionage.
The Deutsche Telekom review comes as U.S. regulators scrutinize the proposed $26 billion takeover by its T-Mobile unit of Sprint, which is controlled by Japan’s Softbank.
Softbank, which is days away from listing its wireless unit in Tokyo, plans to replace its 4G network equipment from Huawei, Nikkei has reported.
Huawei says the security concerns are unfounded. Tensions have been heightened by the 
 for possible extradition to the United States.
“We don’t foresee calling on Huawei for 5G,” Orange CEO Stephane Richard told reporters in Paris. “We are working with our traditional partners — they are Ericsson and Nokia.”
Richard said the security concerns were legitimate: “I absolutely understand that all of our countries, and the French authorities, are preoccupied. We are too.”
Responding, Huawei said it was not a supplier to Orange’s existing 4G network in France and would not feature in the company’s 5G plans in France. Huawei does supply Orange’s networks outside France and expects to be involved in 5G there, it said.
Deutsche Telekom, Europe’s largest telecoms company, said it was reviewing its vendor plans in Germany and the other European markets where it operates, given the debate on the security of Chinese network gear.
“Deutsche Telekom takes the global discussion about the security of network equipment from Chinese vendors very seriously,” the company said in response to a Reuters query.
Telekom already pursues a multi-vendor strategy, relying above all on equipment from Ericsson, Nokia, Cisco, and Huawei. “Nevertheless we are reassessing our procurement strategy,” it said.
The shift is significant because German officials have said they see no legal basis to exclude any vendors from the buildout of fifth-generation networks in response to the warnings from Washington.
Economy Minister Peter Altmaier, in an interview with Reuters on Friday, confirmed that stance when asked about the prospect of Huawei building 5G networks in Germany.
“There are no concerns about individual companies,” Altmaier said in Berlin. “But each product, each device must be secure if it is going to be used in Germany.”
Nearly half of the German company’s revenues come, however, from its fast-growing U.S. unit T-Mobile which is hoping to 
 in a deal that would create a close challenger to leading duo Verizon and AT&T.
A source at one competitor said: “This looks like an appeasement strategy towards the U.S. government over the Sprint deal.”
Other German telecoms players say, meanwhile, that they are continuing talks with Chinese vendors as they draw up proposals to take part in Germany’s auction of 5G licenses in early 2019.
“We are watching the discussion very closely, but we will not participate in the current speculation,” said Telefonica Deutschland, Germany’s No.3 operator that has existing relationships with 
, another Chinese vendor.
United Internet, a potential new entrant that is weighing bidding for a 5G license, said it was in talks with two vendors on its strategy — one of which is Chinese. A spokesman declined to identify the vendor but according to media reports it is ZTE.
Analysts say German telecoms operators depend heavily on Huawei, meaning it will be hard to rip out and replace its existing gear or to cope without the Chinese company, the world’s top network supplier, in building their 5G networks.
“If the Chinese companies are excluded, this would reduce the number of vendors — and that could drive costs higher,” said Hans Schotten of the Technical University in Kaiserslautern.
“For that reason, many operators would be reluctant to do without Huawei.”
Facebook AI Research today announced the open source release of PyText, an NLP modeling framework that currently produces more than a billion predictions a day for users of Facebook and its family of apps.
PyText is the technology behind voice commands in 
 as well as Facebook Messenger’s intelligent assistant M.
M Suggestions listen to words used in conversations that take place on the chat app to suggest things like booking an Uber ride, wishing a friend happy birthday, or recommending a 
 or 
.
Also announced today: 
, including custom control of Smart Camera, which uses AI to frame video calls, as well as the ability to simply say “Call mom” instead of the need to say her full name, a capability powered by PyText.
“We are planning to use PyText as our main NLP platform going forward,” Facebook AI Research engineers Ahmed Aly Hegazy and Christopher Dewan said in a 
 today. “AI researchers and engineers can now use PyText to more quickly and easily experiment with and deploy systems to perform document classification, sequence tagging, semantic parsing, multitask modeling, and other tasks.”
Use of PyText has improved the accuracy of conversational AI models used in core Facebook applications by up to 10 percent. When used in distributed training across multiple servers and GPU clusters, PyText has reduced required training time by 3-5 times.
The PyText framework for conversational AI is built with 
 and can operate with ONNX as well as Caffe2 for inference at scale. To get started, PyText comes with a library of prebuilt AI models as well as tutorials.
PyText is preceded by 
, another conversational AI service from Facebook that scours the words you use. Unlike DeepText, however, it is able to dynamically implement graphs, and, according to a 
, relies on a component architecture to simplify workflows and support quick experimentation.
Google is doing itself a disservice by keeping Google+ on life support. The “ghost town” of a social network (yes, yes, I know it still has a handful of rabid fans) has only two purposes nowadays: having your data stolen and being 
.
In October, Google announced Google+ will be shutting down for consumers in August 2019 
 that could have allowed malicious developers to collect the data of hundreds of millions of users. The company said it had uncovered the vulnerability in March 2018 as part of Project Strobe, a 100-person team charged with conducting a sweeping review of third-party developer tools that permit access to Google account and Android device data.
Earlier this week, Google announced Google+ will be shutting down for consumers in April 2019 
 potentially affecting 52.5 million users. Profile information that could have been revealed includes users’ name, gender, skills, birthday, email address, occupation, and age (
).
At this rate, if Google discovers a third Google+ security issue in February 2019, it would have to shut down the service right then and there. Google shouldn’t wait.
Those 52.5 million users — they’re not actively using Google+. But their data is still stored in Google+, ripe for the picking. Google+ is only causing security headaches and continuing to hurt Google’s brand.
Why risk keeping Google+ around for four more months of potential exploitation? Put another way, why spend the resources to secure Google+ for another four months? What does Google stand to gain?
To make matters worse, Google isn’t even completely shutting down Google+. Despite all the news around Google+’s security issues, Google is only planning to shut down the 
 version of Google+. That’s right: Google+ is going to keep going in 2019, but just for enterprise customers. The company said so in October and reiterated as much this week: “In addition, we want to reiterate that we will continue to invest in Google+ for enterprise.”
This makes very little sense. Of all the types of users, enterprises are the ones that care the 
 about security and care the 
 about social.
Google is already pushing enterprises to use 
 and 
. Google+ never made sense since it debuted in 2011 and it will make even less sense for enterprise customers in 2019.
Google should bite the bullet and put Google+ out of its misery.
 has come a long way since it debuted in 2011 as Justin.tv. And now the company is making us feel teary with its livestreamed Twitch Holiday Spectacular, which is a special edition of Twitch Weekly that features guests from the community and highlighted big moments and milestones from 2018.
The livestreaming division of Amazon said that the number of partner and affiliate streamers who can generate revenue on Twitch grew more than 86 percent from  2017 to 2018. This included more than 248,000 streamers gaining affiliate status and more than 7,800 streamers becoming partners.
The number of streamers per month increased, growing from 2 million in 2017 to more than 3 million in 2018 with now close to a half a million streamers going live every day. At any given time, on average, more than a million people are on Twitch and they’re watching more than ever. In 2018, the overall minutes watched increased to 434 billion (so far this year).
“We love celebrating the community and their achievements. It’s their dedication and passion that have made for a record-setting year on Twitch,” said Kate Jhaveri, chief marketing officer at Twitch, in a statement. “Our role is to support everyone who helps create the live, interactive and shared entertainment that makes Twitch so unique and we’ll keep that focus in 2019 with more tools, opportunities, and experiences to ensure the community continues to thrive.”
2018 marked a banner year for streamers on Twitch with huge leaps in terms of those able to monetize their channels, as well as more time spent watching them. Individuals, esports, and E3 also illustrated the power of live, shared, interactive experiences known as multiplayer entertainment with record-setting years, Twitch said.
 
Above: Ninja was the top influencer for August, according to Tubular.
 for highest concurrent viewership on an individual’s channel. He became a cultural touchpoint after a record-setting Fortnite stream in March where he was joined by Drake and attracted over 628,000 concurrent viewers. He proceeded to beat his own record the next month, when he attracted more than 667,000 concurrent viewers in April at the opening of the Las Vegas Esports Arena, setting the highest concurrent viewership on an individual’s Twitch channel ever.
 match set a record with over 1 million concurrent viewers on a single organization’s channel.
 in June set the record for the highest concurrent viewership across all of Twitch with more than 2.9 million tuning in, surpassing the previous record set in January 2018 of 2.5 million.
Above: TwitchCon cosplay contest finalists.
Charity has remained a passion on Twitch with over $130 million raised by the Twitch community since the brand launched in 2011 and over $40 million raised in 2018, growing more than 30% since 2017.
Emotes, which are the native language of Twitch when it comes to interactions in chat, have a new leader. LUL, the emote used to express laughter, unseated Kappa, the face of irony and sarcasm that has been the top emote since 2011, as the most used Global emote in 2018 with close to half a million appearances in chat. Kappa is followed in popularity by PogChamp which is used to show amazement.
Twitch’s interactive features, or 
, are gaining momentum. It has approximately 400 active Extensions and close to 4,000 in development. In 2018, Twitch users have interacted with Extensions 4.9 billion times with Streamlabs being the most popular one, while the following represent some of the most innovative: Snap Camera, Sound Alerts, Crowd Control, Hypetalk, Design by Humans Merch Store, Tiltify Donations, Darwin Project Spectator Experience, Clone Drone in the Danger Zone, Character Trigger by Adobe, GameOn Tournament Organizer, and surviv.io.
In addition to keeping legacy games top of mind, streamers, publishers, and developers have propelled plenty of new releases into the spotlight. The top 10 new releases of 2018 based on minutes watched were Call of Duty: Black Ops 4, Monster Hunter World, Sea of Thieves, FIFA 19, Red Dead Redemption 2, God of War, Realm Royale, Dragon Ball Fighterz, Far Cry 5, and Detroit: Become Human.
Twitch is the destination for setting gaming records, especially on the speedrunning front. Among the many notable speedrunning records set in 2018 were The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time by Zfg1, Super Mario Bros. by somewes, Mega Man 11 by Qttsix, and Celeste by TGH_sr.
Among the many new tools, features, and programs announced this year to help streamers grow, connect, and thrive were Twitch Creator Camp, Tags and Categories, Clip Champs and Top Cheerers, Extensions with Bits, and Community Gifting, to name a few. Twitch reinforced its ongoing focus on streamer success heading into 2019 by also introducing numerous products during the 
.
In a 
 announcing support for the Asia Pacific AI for Social Good Research Network and highlighting Google’s efforts to use artificial intelligence (AI) to combat disease and natural disasters, Kent Walker, senior vice president of global affairs, wrote that Google wouldn’t offer a “general-purpose” facial recognition API through Google Cloud until the “challenges” had been “identif[ied] and address[ed].”
“Unlike some other companies, Google … [is] working through important technology and policy questions [regarding facial recognition],” Walker said. “Like many technologies with multiple uses, [it] … merits careful consideration to ensure its use is aligned with our principles and values, and avoids abuse and harmful outcomes.”
The Mountain View company’s caution comes at a time when it faces scrutiny about 
, an initiative to build a censored version of its search engine for the Chinese market, and shortly after it decided not to renew a contract to supply AI that analyzes drone footage to the U.S. Department of Defense. (More than 1,400 employees reportedly 
 against Dragonfly, 700 of whom made public their opposition.)
But it reflects broader concerns among some tech giants about facial recognition technology’s immaturity — and its potential to cause harm. Earlier this month at an event in Washington, D.C. hosted by the Brookings Institution, Microsoft president Brad Smith proposed that people should review the results of facial recognition in “high-stakes scenarios,” such as when it might restrict a person’s movements; that groups using facial recognition should comply with anti-discrimination laws regarding gender, ethnicity, and race; and that companies be “transparent” about AI’s limitations.
In keeping with those strictures, Smith said that Microsoft has historically turned down client requests to deploy facial recognition technology where the company has concluded that there are human rights risks. It also in June 
 that would have seen it supply processing and AI tools to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE).
“Technology is making possible a new type of mass surveillance. It is becoming possible for the state, for a government, to follow anyone anywhere,” Smith said. “If we fail to think these things through, we run the risk that we’re going to suddenly find ourselves in the year 2024 and our lives are going to look a little too much like they came out of the book ‘1984.’”
Richard Socher, Salesforce’s chief scientist, shares those anxieties. It’s partially why Salesforce doesn’t currently offer facial recognition capabilities through Einstein Vision and the Einstein Image Classification API, its computer vision services for object detection and identification, he told VentureBeat 
 during the NeurIPS 2018 conference in Montreal this month.
“As soon as you start to make more and more important decisions based on [someone’s] face, you can do some terrible things,” he said. “AI will only make decisions that are as good as its training data.”
Not every company feels the same way, however.
This summer, Amazon seeded 
, a cloud-based 
 available through its Amazon Web Services division, to law enforcement in Orlando, Florida and the Washington County, Oregon Sheriff’s Office. The 
 later decided to renew its agreement and pilot a facial recognition program involving volunteers from the city’s police force, and Washington County used it to build an app that lets deputies run scanned photos of suspected criminals through a database of 300,000 faces.
In a test — the accuracy of which Amazon disputes — the American Civil Liberties Union demonstrated that Rekognition, when fed 25,000 mugshots from a “public source” and tasked with comparing them to official photos of Congressional members, 
 28 as criminals. Alarmingly, a majority of the false matches — 38 percent — were people of color.
AWS general manager Matt Wood offered counterpoints in June, arguing that Rekognition was “materially benefiting” society by “inhibiting child exploitation … and building educational apps for children,” and by “enhancing security through multi-factor authentication, finding images more easily, or preventing package theft.”
In a separate blog post published in August, Amazon said that AWS customers like 
 were using Rekognition to help find human trafficking victims and reunite them with their families, and that other organizations, such as nonprofit 
, were tapping it to find and rescue children who had been sexually abused.
“There has been no reported law enforcement abuse of Amazon Rekognition,” he wrote. “There have always been and will always be risks with new technology capabilities. Each organization choosing to employ technology must act responsibly or risk legal penalties and public condemnation. AWS takes its responsibilities seriously.”
Others have exercised less caution still.
In September, a report in 
 revealed that IBM worked with the New York City Police Department to develop a system that allowed officials to search for people by skin color, hair color, gender, age, and various facial features. Using “thousands” of photographs from roughly 50 cameras provided by the NYPD, its AI learned to identify clothing color and other bodily characteristics.
An IBM spokesperson said the system was only ever used for “evaluation purposes,” but IBM’s Intelligent Video Analytics 2.0 product, which was released in 2017, offers a somewhat similar body camera surveillance feature that automatically labels people by tags such as “Asian,” “Black,” and “White.”
The ethical implications to which Socher alluded aside, a growing body of research casts doubt on the overall precision of facial recognition.
A 
 in 2012 showed that facial algorithms from vendor 
 performed 5 to 10 percent worse on African Americans than on Caucasians, and researchers in 
 found that facial recognition models developed in China, Japan, and South Korea had difficulty distinguishing between Caucasian faces and East Asians. In February, researchers at the MIT Media Lab found that facial recognition made by Microsoft, IBM, and Chinese company Megvii misidentified gender in up to 7 percent of lighter-skinned females, up to 12 percent of darker-skinned males, and up to 35 percent in darker-skinned females.
Those are far from the only examples of algorithms gone awry. It was recently revealed that a system deployed by London’s Metropolitan Police produces as many as 
. During a House oversight committee hearing on facial recognition technologies last year, the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation admitted that the algorithms it uses to identify criminal suspects are wrong about 15 percent of the time. And a study conducted by researchers at the University of Virginia found that two prominent research-image collections — ImSitu and COCO, the latter of which is cosponsored by Facebook, Microsoft, and startup MightyAI — displayed gender bias in their depiction of sports, cooking, and other activities. (Images of shopping, for example, were linked to women, while coaching was associated with men.)
Perhaps most infamously of all, in 2015, a software engineer reported that Google Photos’ image classification algorithms identified African Americans as “gorillas.”
Even Rick Smith, CEO of Axon, one of the largest suppliers of body cameras in the U.S., was this summer 
 that facial recognition isn’t yet accurate enough for law enforcement applications.
“[They aren’t] where they need to be to be making operational decisions off the facial recognition,” he said. “This is one where we think you don’t want to be premature and end up either where you have technical failures with disastrous outcomes or … there’s some unintended use case where it ends up being unacceptable publicly in terms of long-term use of the technology.”
The past decade’s many blunders paint a depressing picture of facial recognition’s capabilities. But that’s not to suggest progress hasn’t been made toward more accurate, less prejudicial technology.
In June, working with experts in artificial intelligence (AI) fairness, Microsoft revised and expanded the datasets it uses to train 
, a Microsoft Azure API that provides algorithms for detecting, recognizing, and analyzing human faces in images. With new data across skin tones, genders, and ages, it was able to reduce error rates for men and women with darker skin by up to 20 times, and by 9 times for women.
Meanwhile, Gfycat, a user-generated short video hosting startup based in San Francisco, 
 this year that it managed to improve its facial recognition algorithms’ accuracy on people of Asian descent by applying stricter detection thresholds.
An emerging class of algorithmic bias mitigation tools, meanwhile, promises to accelerate progress toward more impartial AI.
In May, Facebook 
 Fairness Flow, which automatically warns if an algorithm is making an unfair judgment about a person based on his or her race, gender, or age. Accenture released a 
 that automatically detects bias in AI algorithms and helps data scientists mitigate that bias. Microsoft launched a 
 of its own in May, and in September, Google debuted the What-If Tool, a bias-detecting feature of the TensorBoard web dashboard for its TensorFlow machine learning framework.
IBM, not to be outdone, in the fall released AI Fairness 360, a cloud-based, fully automated suite that “continually provides [insights]” into how AI systems are making their decisions and recommends adjustments — such as algorithmic tweaks or counterbalancing data — that might lessen the impact of prejudice. And recent 
 from its Watson and Cloud Platforms group has focused on mitigating bias in AI models, specifically as they relate to facial recognition.
But there’s much work to be done, Smith says.
“Even if biases are addressed and facial recognition systems operate in a manner deemed fair for all people, we will still face challenges with potential failures. Facial recognition, like many AI technologies, typically have some rate of error even when they operate in an unbiased way,” he wrote in a blog post earlier this year. “All tools can be used for good or ill. The more powerful the tool, the greater the benefit or damage it can cause … Facial recognition technology raises issues that go to the heart of fundamental human rights protections like privacy and freedom of expression.”
It’s a common misconception that leadership skills and managerial excellence can’t be taught. Even if you’re lucky enough to be born with a 
, you still need the right training and skills if you want to succeed in an increasingly competitive business world that thrives on quick decision-making and the ability to think on one’s feet.
Nothing embodies this methodology like Six Sigma — a highly disciplined and data-driven approach to business that helps eliminate waste and defects in any project through quick and efficient decision-making.
The 
 will give you both the skills and certifications you need to lead and manage teams using this tried and tested approach, and the cost of the entire bundle has just been dropped from its usual price of $99 to just $59 — over 95 percent off its MSRP.
Through six courses and over 75 hours of training led by industry professionals, this bundle walks you through everything from the most fundamental aspects of these winning business strategies to their more complex and esoteric elements.
You’ll work toward your Lean Six Sigma Yellow Belt certification through modules that focus on how to manage your team’s time and resources; your Lean Six Sigma Green Belt certification through lessons that teach you how to improve performance by systematically and efficiently removing waste from any project; your Six Sigma Black Belt certification by understanding the intricacies of inspiring teams and improving performance; and much more.
There are also plenty of learning aids, guides, and simulated exams to ensure that there are no surprises when you have to sit for the actual exams.
Get the skills and certifications you need to dramatically improve your earning potential with the Complete Six Sigma Training & Certification Bundle for over 95 percent off at 
.
Google’s song-composing artificial intelligence (AI) might not measure up to Mozart or Liszt anytime soon, but it’s made impressive progress recently. In a 
 and accompanying paper (“
“) this week, contributors to Project Magenta, a Google Brain project “exploring the role of machine learning as a tool in the creative process,” presented their work on Musical Transformer, a machine learning model that’s capable of generating relatively coherent tunes with a recognizable repetition.
“The Transformer, a sequence model based on self-attention, has achieved compelling results in many generation tasks that require maintaining long-range coherence,” the paper’s authors write. “This suggests that self-attention might also be well-suited to modeling music.”
As the team explains, producing long pieces of music remains a challenge for AI because of its structural complexity; most songs contain multiple motifs, phrases, and repetition that neural networks have a tough time picking up on. And while previous work has managed to channel 
of the self-reference observable in works composed by humans, it has relied on absolute timing signals, making it poorly suited for keeping track of themes that are based on relative distances and recurring intervals.
The team’s solution is Music Transformer, an “attention-based” neural network that creates “expressive” performances directly without first generating a score. By using an event-based representation and a technique known as relative attention, the Music Transformer is able not only to focus more on relational features, but generalize beyond the length of training samples with which it’s supplied. And because it’s less memory-intensive, it’s also able to generate longer musical sequences.
In tests, when primed with Chopin’s Black Key Etude, Music Transformer produced a song that was consistent in style throughout and contained multiple phrases sourced from the motif. By contrast, two previous algorithms — Performance RNN and Transformer — provided the same primer either lacked a discernable structure completely or failed to maintain a structure.
Here’s Music Transformer riffing on the above-mentioned Black Key Etude:
And here’s it generating songs without a primer:
The team concedes that the Music Transformer is far from perfect — it sometimes produces songs with too much repetition, sparse sections, and odd jumps — but they’re hopeful it serves as a muse for musicians in need of inspiration.
“This opens up the potential for users to specify their own primer and use the model as a creative tool to explore a range of possible continuations,” the team wrote.
Code for training and generating Music Transformer is forthcoming, they say, along with pre-trained checkpoints.
The age of the esports lifestyle brand has arrived. 
 is launching its 
 sneaker today, tapping into the popularity of the Immortals esports organization.
This is one of the multiple ways that esports will grow its monetization and eventually become a $1.7 billion business worldwide by 2021, according to market researcher 
.
The Los Angeles-based 
, which has teams across multiple esports esports games like Overwatch (under the L.A. Valiant name) and Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, teamed up to design a shoe from the popular youth brand K-Swiss back in April. And now the limited edition Immortals Icon shoe is available 
. They sent me a pair to try out, and you can see the comparison to my usual sartorial style in the picture below.
Above: Dean’s shoes. The K-Swiss Immortals Icon is on the right. Kinda levels up the style, right?
“Esports is exploding, and we’re excited to be at the forefront,” said Barney Waters, K-Swiss’ brand president, in a statement. “Immortals is a great organization to be partnered with as we explore together the intersection of sneakers and esports. As shown in the Immortals Icon, this creative zone is one we continue to focus energy on.”
The company says the Immortals Icon represents the very best of esports and gaming and builds on the history of Immortals competitive success. The sneaker design reflects collaboration between Immortals professional players and K-Swiss’s world-leading designers.
It’s certainly got an aerodynamic silhouette. It’s snug and makes me feel like I can do a flying kick. And it’s more comfortable than my usual shoes. If you really want to show off the branding, you can just cross your legs and people will see the Immortals logo on the bottom of the shoe, which is an all-black engineered knit with premium leather and a heel pillow.
The sneaker sports Immortals branding and comes with two pairs of shoelaces in Immortals colors of black and teal that fans instantly recognized across the world. I’m going with the more subtle black shoelaces for now. The teal insole reminds me of my dearly departed dress shoes, which you can see above.
“We embrace our players’ unique styles and understand that personal expression and performance are uniquely tied together,” said Noah Whinston, Immortals executive chairman, in a statement. “K-Swiss has been a true partner as we workshopped, collaborated and ideated on the Immortals Icon sneaker. This sneaker is only the beginning as our game-changing performance shoe collaboration is yet to come.”
K-Swiss is doing two shoes with the Immortals. One of the shoes is the lifestyle model that just came out, while the other is a technical performance model for pro gamers. And of course they’re being 
.
Set to launch in mid-2019 is “The Grandmaster,” the world’s first competitive gaming sneaker developed hand in hand by K-Swiss designers and Immortals players to reflect the needs of the esports professional.
As of late 2018, Apple has brought depth-sensing front cameras to six of its flagship iPad and iPhone devices, but the hardware has largely been limited to two purposes: 
 unlocking and creating cartoony 
. Now there’s a compelling new use for the camera, as developer Standard Cyborg has released 
, a free app that lets users create detailed 3D scans of people and objects for use in augmented reality or other purposes.
Using Capture is straightforward: The screen reflects what the front camera is seeing, offering a preview of the object you want to scan. After pressing a shutter-like button at the bottom of the screen, you’re supposed to turn the object very slowly so all of its sides can be scanned. The scan will stop automatically when it’s done, or give you an abrupt warning that you’re moving too fast and need to begin again.
Apart from the fact that scanning is fairly slow and takes place on the same side of the device as the screen, there are a couple of other limitations. The sensed object appears in almost comically basic rainbow shades within the preview window, and fine details such as hair may not be captured ideally by the scan.
Once you’ve finished a scan, Capture is able to export the object’s 3D data in USDZ, STL, or OBJ formats. Additionally, you can activate an AR mode where you can preview how the scanned object will look in a real-world environment, including intuitive ARKit-based room measurement and pinch-to-resize motions.
In its current form, the app’s functionality is basic, but the developer includes a “heads up” notice that color 3D export and color AR previewing features are coming soon. For now, you can see a flat preview of the scanned data in color, and see the object in monochrome within your preferred AR environment.
There are plenty of potential uses for 3D scans: creation of in-game objects, realistic statues or avatars of people, and elements for AR shopping apps. The key to Capture is its zero dollar cost of entry, availability for multiple popular devices, and support for standard 3D object formats.
Capture works with the latest 11- and 12.9-inch iPad Pros, as well as the iPhone X, XR, XS, and XS Max. It’s 
.
Unlike televisions, 
 can take on different shapes. Your monitor probably has a 16:9 ratio (where for every 16 horizontal inches you get 9 vertical inches), but companies like Samsung and HP have also made 16:10 displays for years. More recently, a group of ultrawide 21:9 options have started to win over the hearts of gaming enthusiasts. These long monitors work really well for games, like first-person shooters, because they make a high field-of-view feel more natural.
But what do you do when ultrawide isn’t wide enough? Well, that’s where 
 steps in with its $1,000 CHG90 and its 32:9 aspect ratio. The CHG90 is a curved HDR FreeSync 2 monitor that measures 49 inches diagonally. It is a big boy.
That 32:9 ratio means that it is equivalent to two 24-inch 16:9 monitors sitting side-by-side. And whether that sounds absurd or awesome to you, you’re right. But all of the questions you have about fitting such a large and wide monitor into your life are valid — even if the CHG90 is excellent.
A 49-inch s
 ultrawide monitor has some inherent problems just because you’re probably not used to it. It is going to fit awkwardly on a lot of desks. You’ll need to take some time to get accustomed to using it. Not every game works well with it. And even the most widescreen of films don’t use all of the available real estate.
But when everything is working as intended, which is most of the time, the effect is stunning. The display engulfs the entirety of my lateral vision. It can comfortably fit four full-sized Chrome windows at the same time. And it just looks impressive sitting on a desk.
Even in pictures, you can see just how imposing the CHG90 is.
Above: It’s a very big boy.
But it’s in games where Samsung’s super ultrawide is the most effective. In a game like Dusk or Rainbow Six: Siege, I can turn up the in-game field-of-view setting to the max, sit back a bit from the screen, and let the sights of the game overtake my vision.
The CHG90 is not a gimmick panel. It’s a high-quality display that also just happens to have a 32:9 aspect ratio. It has FreeSync 2 with HDR and a refresh rate of 144 Hz.
Its color reproduction is accurate and rich. The current generation of Samsung monitors are all known for this, and the CHG90 maintains that quality. The display uses the company’s QLED tech in a VA panel. It isn’t on par with OLED, but it is top-of-the-line for LCD. And the LEDs that provide the backlighting are nicely spaced so that color reproduction is uniform across all 49 diagonal inches.
Like other recent Samsung panels, the monitor has excellent response times in the 5ms-to-9ms range. The monitor is better at flashing from white to black than from black to white, but it is always fast enough to avoid that ghosting effect where images linger longer than they should.
It does have some mild input lag in the 15-to-17 ms range when compared to a CRT monitor (that has 0 input lag). That’s enough that you wouldn’t want to use it for esports, but a 32:9 monitor isn’t even tournament legal anyway. For everyone else, you’re not going to notice anything.
On top of all of that, the CHG90 has some of the best implementation of HDR in a computer monitor. Now, that’s not saying a lot. I’m still of the opinion that PC HDR is weak and generally disappointing. The CHG90 doesn’t really change my mind about that, but it is at least doing all of the basics really well.
The CHG90 is VESA certified for DisplayHDR 600, which means it can produce a peak brightness of 600 nits (a standard unit of illumination). That is better than most monitors, which are DisplayHDR 400. It’s still not DisplayHDR 1000, but it’s more noticeable than 400-nit panels.
Additionally, Samsung has really great local-dimming LED arrays. This means you won’t get a lot of light bleeding from a bright part of a scene into its shadowy elements.
I still mostly want to wait for OLED monitors to see what they can do for HDR, but I know they will cost quite a lot. So at least the HDR in the CHG90 is decent enough that it feels like a bonus on top of everything else.
If you’re going to get a 32:9 monitor, you should know going in that you won’t be able to see all of it at once without turning your head. It’s just like using multiple monitors except it’s one continuous panel. So if you move one side closer, the other side is going to move further away..
You will get used to that pretty quickly. A lot of it just comes down to figuring out the best way to arrange your windows for work or productivity. You won’t want to make a text window fullscreen. The trick is to play around to find out how wide you want to make it.
But Samsung helps this by making the CHG90 very easy to adjust. The company built the monitor onto a stand with multiple points of articulation. And it’s easy enough to do with one hand and while sitting down. So you can reach out and tilt the monitor, swivel left or right, and move it up and down. And once you have it in the right position, the display doesn’t sway or drift out of place.
It all feels like the monitor costs $1,000, and the stand is a major reason that I’ve been able to comfortably use the CHG90 on a daily basis. Having the option to quickly pull one side of the screen closer to me with little effort is huge.
But this is a gaming monitor, and that’s where it excels. And thankfully, most games just automatically work with this extra-wide aspect ratio. The most consistent problems are with cutscenes. Those videos often come precompressed and optimized for 16:9 displays, and games just try to stretch them out to fit into a 32:9 fullscreen window. That’s ugly. I’ve also occasionally seen similar problems with menus.
But for the most part, games just work. At worst, a background image on a menu will have its top and lower thirds chopped off. Or like in Far: Lone Sails, the skybox glitches on the far edges. In those circumstances, the games are always playable. To that point, I played through the entirety of Far: Lone Sails with that problem, and I stopped noticing it after a while because the action is mostly happening near the middle of the screen.
I know these are all negatives, but I was expecting to encounter issues constantly. But that isn’t my experience. The only game that I really struggled to play on this monitor is Fallout 76 — but like, c’mon.
By far the biggest issue with the CHG90 is the resolution. It is 3840-by-1080, which means it is essentially a 1080p display. But while most 1080p monitors have a pixel density of about 90 PPI (pixels per inch), this panel only has 80 PPI. The result is that the CHG90 isn’t great for text. You almost certainly won’t notice that resolution during gaming because you need to sit back slightly to see all of the screen at once. And that pixel density matters a lot less when you start getting 3 or 4 feet away. But if you are sitting up and staring at a news story or trying to write this review, for example, you’re going to notice some aliasing on the text that is absent on 1440p and especially 4K panels.
If you primarily want this monitor for gaming, though, the resolution is only a problem on paper. It’s not going to hurt your enjoyment while actually using it.
So the CHG90 is more comfortable than you would think, but let’s be clear: it’s also still bigger than you’re expecting. You’re going to need a lot of room on your desk. This is not like having two monitors where you can have one in front of you and another at an angle to your side.
The horizontal length of the CHG90 is approximately 48 inches. That is within one inch of the horizontal length of the latest 55-inch full 4K Samsung television. So imagine having only the bottom half of a 55-inch 4K TV on you desk, and you’ll have some idea of what to expect.
The point here is that if you want a 32:9 super ultrawide monitor with 49 diagonal inches of screen, you should probably build your entire rig around it. Buy the $1,000 monitor first, and then get a desk that fits it. That’s not to suggest that it won’t fit on most standard surfaces. It will. But you may just not have as much space left over for things like desk speakers when you’re done.
The first part of this conclusion is for everyone reading this who would never buy a $1,000 monitor. If you’re looking for validation to think this thing is stupid, you have it. It is unnecessary and unwieldy. And you are perfectly fine going with multiple monitors or a 21:9 ultrawide. You don’t need this.
OK, this second part is for the rest of you. It’s awesome. It looks cool because it is cool. If you are working with text all day for your job, you’ll probably want something different. If this is for your dedicated gaming machine, and you have a monitor budget of $1,000, then you’re going to love it.
The 
 report is out, and if you’re interested in AI enough to read this newsletter, you really should read the report through for yourself.
Maybe it’s the nerdy thing you do when lounging with family this holiday season, or something you take in during a long walk or travel, but it’s worth a look since it’s one of very few attempts to collate a comprehensive look at the amalgamation that is the AI industry. See last year’s newsletter on the annual report for a 
.
It doesn’t hurt that leaders from the most advanced organizations in this space, including OpenAI, MIT, and SRI International, played a role in putting it together.
Some major takeaways worth considering:
– Strides in performance progress continue for benchmarks like GLUE for natural language understanding as well as improvements in the AI2 Reasoning Challenge to answer multiple-choice questions like a grade-school child.
– Growth in published papers in China has been driven in part by government-affiliated authors, whose work saw a 400 percent increase in 2017. Corporate AI papers saw a 73 percent increase. Conversely, the United States saw its biggest increase in published AI papers from corporate tech giants like Google, Nvidia, and Microsoft.
As the Index reports, Europe leads the world in total number of research papers produced, followed closely by China. Within less than five years, China could lead the world in total number of papers published, 
.
– AI is a global industry, with 83 percent of papers on Scopus published outside the United States
– Annual AI conferences NeurIPS (formerly NIPS), ICML, and CVPR saw thousands of attendees each.
– U.S. continues to lead in AI-related patents, and AI startup funding is up 4.5 times, compared to 2 times for other sectors receiving venture capital investment.
– More than half of Partnership on AI members are nonprofits now, like the ACLU and the United Nations Development Programme.
– TensorFlow is still far and away the most popular machine learning framework.
One of my favorite stats by far in this year’s report, however, is the total number of 
 by companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange. It’s a metric that points to how businesses are changing the way they talk about artificial intelligence.
It’s true there are still companies selling magic beans and snake oil out there, but empty claims aren’t enough anymore.
Earlier this week ahead of the 
, I spoke with Andrew Ng. The former Baidu AI chief scientist and Google Brain cofounder said that as he was encouraged and a bit surprised that the irrational AI hype around AGI and killer robots did not seem as prevalent as it has been in the past. Understanding of what AI can and cannot do could help reduce these fears.
There may still be a fair deal of startups and businesses who want to call themselves AI companies now and sprinkle it all over the place to justify their value. But increasingly, it’s not enough to call yourself an AI company — you’ve got to prove it, and demonstrate why that AI creates a virtuous cycle for your company to create a competitive advantage.
It’s not entirely surprising there are more mentions of AI in earnings calls, as more companies are in fact looking to use AI. Tata Consulting reported this week that 
, but implement is not the same as successfully implemented, and smart companies aren’t just talking about AI, they’re looking for ways to successfully spread it throughout their organizations.
As time goes on and the luster of the first round of AI hype seems to go away, calling yourself an AI-first business doesn’t seem to be enough anymore.
The smartest businesses seem to be building with trust, rapidly shifting consumer sentiment, and the value of diverse employees and perspectives in mind when building systems for intelligent machines.
For AI coverage, send news tips to 
 and 
 — and be sure to bookmark our 
.
Thanks for reading,
Khari Johnson
AI Staff Writer
P.S. Please enjoy this video from Google Brain cofounder and former Baidu AI chief scientist Andrew Ng on how to build a career in machine learning.
Members of Microsoft Research, together with students from Dutch and Danish universities, won an AI-driven cucumber-growing competition in Holland.
Researchers compared the performance of more than a dozen AI algorithms in predicting the one-year mortality rate of heart disease patients.
Google Brain cofounder and former Baidu AI chief scientist Andrew Ng today announced the launch of the ‘AI Transformation Playbook’.
Nvidia set records in six categories for the MLPerf benchmark, a standard method to measure AI training and deployment performance.
China could lead the world in total number of research papers produced annually within four years, according to a report by Elsevier.
Amazon’s Alexa assistant is gaining the ability to highlight important emails and trigger location-based reminders and routines.
An academic conference on sex with robots has been cancelled due to a backlash against a proposed speech by Steve Bannon, Donald Trump‘s former adviser. (via Independent)
Entrepreneur says Silicon Valley has inequality problem as it puts too much trust in young, white men 
Toxic algae is overtaking Lake Atitlán. Now AI may help the lake recover. 
There are multiple calls for limits on this form of AI, but it will be hard for big tech to turn away business 
Security for Taylor Swift at California’s Rose Bowl in May 2018 included a facial recognition system monitored from almost 2,000 miles away. 
 that its games 
, Ingress, and Ingress Prime generated a lot of social impact in 2018. Since Pokémon Go alone has more than 800 million users, it has become a big platform for charitable and social events, as documented by Niantic.
The San Francisco company said that 142 Niantic community events were held around the world by city governments, nonprofits, and community members. The company also made 125 partnerships with NGOs, governments, and other companies.
Its games led to 331 national parks, rivers and trails visited and 17,000 kilometers walked at social impact events. More than 6.8 tons of food collected and given to shelters and food pantries, seven tons of garbage picked up around the world, and 40,000 people came out to support charities and their local communities.
More than 3,900 items were donated to shelters.
“At Niantic, people come first. We strive to build experiences that connect people in the real world and are continuously exploring new ways to support our passionate players and create platforms to give back to local communities,” the company said in a blog post. “Because when you do good locally, you do good for the world.”
And it said, “In the early days at Niantic, we witnessed firsthand the powerful positive impact AR technology can have on local communities and civic engagement and have made it part of our mission to prioritize social impact in everything we do. In 2016, we formalized our social impact efforts by creating a division focused on making a positive impact through a variety of activities ranging from community events and service, supporting players to do good, and special campaigns.”
Now the social impact goals are a core part of the company. Niantic said you can expect to see more events, activities and partnerships with local and global organizations that continue to support players and local communities in 2019.
Above: Niantic’s 2018 social report.
Free-to-play games are finding a curious and willing audience on 
. Switch owners have downloaded 
 more than 1 million times since it launched in September.
Arena of Valor is a free-to-play multiplayer online battle game similar to League of Legends and Dota 2. It was already available on mobile when it debuted on Nintendo’s hybrid home/handheld console, but a huge number of people are choosing to play it on the Switch instead.
What’s especially important for Arena of Valor and publisher Tencent is that the United States is the biggest territory for the Switch version. This is crucial because Tencent cannot get new games approved in its home territory of China. That country’s temporary freeze on game licenses means that the publisher is looking for any foreign revenue it can get its hands on. And the timing of a successful launch of a new game on a popular platform in the United States is a big help on that front.
Beyond Arena of Valor, however, is more evidence that the Nintendo Switch audience is embracing free-to-play. While Tencent’s game has surpassed 1 million downloads, it isn’t alone in reaching that milestone.
, a sci-fi cooperative shooter, launched on the Switch in November. It is free-to-play, and it surpassed 1 million downloads in under a month.
And, of course, 
. It surpassed 2 million downloads in under 24 hours on the Switch when it debuted in June. That free-to-play battle royale shooter was already popular, but launching on the Switch helped it reach even more people.
Of course, the question remains as to whether or not people are spending money on these games after downloading them. Nintendo and developers don’t typically share that data, so we don’t know for sure. But what’s obvious is that more and more studios are rushing to bring their games to the platform, and that suggests that they are expecting to make some money in the process.
Google today announced changes to its terms of service and privacy policy, which will now designate Ireland as the location of its data services in Europe.
The update is slated to take effect on January 22, 2019, and the company says the change won’t impact any features or operation of its services in Europe. For users living in the European Economic Area and Switzerland, the company’s subsidiary in Dublin — Google Ireland Limited — will simply become the official “service provider.”
Currently, the official service provider for things like Drive, Play, Gmail, Maps, and YouTube is based in U.S. Google’s European headquarters in Dublin. The company 
 that the change means requests for user data from consumers or law enforcement officials will be handled by the Dublin office going forward. Efforts to comply with Europe’s 
 (GDPR) will also be run from Dublin.
“We’re making the data controller change to facilitate engagement with EU data protection authorities via the GDPR’s ‘One Stop Shop’ mechanism, which was created to ensure consistency of regulatory decisions for companies and EU citizens,” wrote Anne Rooney, public policy manager for Google Ireland. “It’s important to note these changes do not in any way alter how our products work or how we collect or process user data within our services.”
Apple has already 
 2018 highlights, as 
 and 
 Today, Google Search is stepping up to feed our hunger for data-infused year-in-review tidbits.
In what has become an annual tradition, Google has 
 on its search engine for the whole of 2018, doing so by various categories and regions. It’s worth noting here that many of the top-trending search terms 
 were similar to those in the global incarnation.
While two technology topics — iPhone 8 and iPhone X — 
 last year, smartphones made no such appearance this year. One local trend worth highlighting, however, does relate to technology or, more specifically, cryptocurrency. In a 12-month period that has seen Bitcoin value fall from a high of nearly $20,000 last December to below $4,000 today — is it any wonder the top trending question in some countries, 
 and 
, was: “
”
Above: What is Bitcoin?
Deaths typically play a prominent part in Google Searches, and 2018 was no different.
Seven out of the 10 Top Global Web Searches featured the passing of well-known figures around the world, including musicians Avicii, Mac Miller, and XXXTentacion, while comic book writer Stan Lee, chef Anthony Bourdain, fashion designer Kate Spade, and physicist Stephen Hawking also feature in the top 10.
The top overall search was the 2018 soccer World Cup, which was held in Russia.
1. World Cup

2. Avicii

3. Mac Miller

4. Stan Lee

5. Black Panther

6. Meghan Markle

7. Anthony Bourdain

8. XXXTentacion

9. Stephen Hawking

10. Kate Spade
The World Cup also came in first for news searches.
1. (Soccer) World Cup

2. Hurricane Florence

3. Mega Millions Result

4. (U.K.) Royal Wedding

5. Election Results

6. Hurricane Michael

7. Kavanaugh Confirmation

8. Florida Shooting

9. Greve dos caminhoneiros

10. Government Shutdown
Looking at the Top People Searches reveals some interesting trends — U.S. actress Meghan Markle’s marriage to Prince Harry nabbed the top spot. But what is perhaps most notable across the various lists is that the U.S. president does not appear in any of them.
1. Meghan Markle

2. Demi Lovato

3. Sylvester Stallone

4. Logan Paul

5. Khloe Kardashian

6. Jair Bolsonaro

7. Brett Kavanaugh

8. Hailey Baldwin

9. Stormy Daniels

10. Cardi B
Did people really search more often for Sylvester Stallone and Logan Paul than they did for Donald Trump, who was surely the most talked-about person on the planet? Even Stormy Daniels, who allegedly had an affair with Trump and was reportedly paid hush money to keep quiet, made the Top People Searches list.
Digging down into the methodology, however, reveals 
 Donald Trump wasn’t in there — the data isn’t based on the overall number of searches. Instead, the lists are built around search terms and topics that experienced the biggest spike compared to the previous year. Donald Trump was on the Google search trends list in 2016, the year he won the U.S. presidential election, but he wasn’t on last year’s.
We can therefore assume that Donald Trump has consistently been among the most-searched topics on Google for the past few years. And, in truth, these lists would be a little boring if they just featured the same old names every year.
Virtual reality experiences can be amazing, but 
. So 
 is a new tool that lets your friends see what you are doing in VR.
The team at #include in Brisbane, Australia, created Viewr (which the company spells ViewR) for VR developers to integrate this capability into their games, making the VR experiences more social and shareable.
Usually, there’s no way for a bystander to see what you see while wearing a VR headset. Now Viewr is creating a window into that VR world so a friend can observe what is happening.
Above: Here’s how spectators normally see you as you play a VR game.
Viewr creates a position-tracked streaming spectator experience, and it is available as a Unity software development kit (SDK) with a simple applications programming interface (API) that developers can include for free in their VR games.
In addition, gamers can run an installer to add Viewr to an existing game. #Include has modded Viewr into Superhot VR, Beatsaber and Budget Cuts — three of the most popular VR games.
“Virtual reality is a really exciting and fun experience, but it is extremely difficult to share what is happening inside the VR headset in a meaningful way,” said Chang-Yi Yao, CEO of #include, in a statement. “Seeing what the player is seeing through a computer screen or TV does not give you the spatial information required for the full picture that an observer needs to fully appreciate VR. With Viewr, VR games can now be something that more than what one person can experience easily — all without the additional expensive, complicated set-up. You just connect to your computer through the app and use your phone as a camera to see what your friend is doing in VR.”
Above: What spectators see via Viewr when you are playing a VR game.
Viewr allows you to see the VR world from a spectator’s perspective using a phone or other mobile device. It is not a headset view, but rather a separate one completely, like a camera or a portal that a spectator can hold up to watch what is going on in the VR space.
This allows your non-game playing companion to get a sense of size, scale, and position of things in the virtual world and comprehend where it is, making for a powerful shared experience.
“We want Viewr to be everyone’s pocket portal into virtual reality; the instant interface between you and the virtual world,” said Yao. “As we grow, we see Viewr being an excellent way to incorporate VR into business use cases since your phone does not host the virtual world, the computer does, and it works beautifully even if the device is fairly limited. The potential for this new technology is incredibly exciting.”
Above: You can see what a VR user sees with ViewR.
Viewr has two parts which talk to each other: a mobile Viewer; and a PC host that runs in the VR game. The host PC streams a view of the virtual world based on the position of the mobile device, and the mobile app displays it.
With a tracker, Viewr can operate on low-end devices because it is streaming the game from the host something not guaranteed for other systems which create mobile versions of the host game for spectating. It is a single application which can interface with multiple programs, making it the one-stop app for seeing into VR.
Viewr is available today for everyone as a mod for games written in Unity Engine. Ultimately the solution will be built into games using Viewr’s SDK, enabling spectating out of the box. Viewr’s API also allows for touch and sensor input from the device, enabling interactivity between the spectators and the player for asymmetric gameplay should the developers choose to support it.
#include has two employees, and it was founded in June 2018 with $100,000 in Australian dollars. Rivals include 
 (where you spectate others using your own VR headset, or by projecting a camera to 2D videos) and Blueprint Reality’s 
. All are different variations on a theme.
 announced a strategic deal with 
 in which it powers Razer SoftMiner, a blockchain-based app that lets gamers use the idle time on their computers to mine for cryptocurrency. In return, the gamers can get rewards.
This means that Gamma’s technology could reach Razer’s audience of 50 million registered gamers. Razer is both a partner and an investor in Gamma.
Powered by Gamma’s GammaNow compute engine, SoftMiner enables gamers to use the computing power of their PCs to reap rewards. Once installed and launched, SoftMiner runs silently in the background to solve complex blockchain puzzles using idle GPU processing power.
“More and more of our original vision is being realized as of the worlds of blockchain and gaming are coming together in a natural way,” said Gabriel Schillinger, CEO of Gamma, in a statement. “We are beyond excited to have Min-Liang and Razer as an investor in Gamma and a partner with the launch of SoftMiner. SoftMiner is the best way for Razer community members to contribute their compute when not in use and get awesome rewards in return.”
Above: Gamma
Users get Razer’s own virtual currency, Razer Silver, as a reward, depending on the amount of time SoftMiner has been running and the processing power of their PCs.
Razer Silver can be redeemed for a variety of rewards both in-game and in real life, ranging from Razer Store discounts, product deals, Razer swag, and more.
I asked Schillinger if the crash in the cryptocurrency market has hurt the proceeds that gamers can get from mining. He said in an email, “There are still earnings to be made on crypto mining (closer to $10-$12 month), just not the same as this time last year. The future of distributed compute will come from other use cases like computer-generated imagery (CGI) rendering and AI/machine learning processing. These use cases provide a stable higher return than mining.”
Combined with the return of paid-to-play on Razer Cortex and the newly redesigned Razer Gold and Silver rewards scheme, Razer now offers a gamer-centric ecosystem that offers accelerated rewards to gamers for simply doing what they love – playing games.
Above: Gabriel Schillinger, CEO of Gamma.
“Gamers have some of the most powerful home PC set-ups on earth,” said Min-Liang Tan, CEO of Razer, in a statement. “Instead of letting all that power go to waste, we’re working with Gamma to make sure our PC works for us even when we’re away from keyboard. Best of all, it requires no extra work – just download and run SoftMiner, and watch the Razer Silver roll in.”
Gamma was founded in July 2017, and it launched its technology in February 2018. It has a global user base of users contributing thousands of hours of compute daily.
Investors in the company include Sparklabs Global Ventures, Unity founder David Helgason, Zynga cofounder Mark Pincus, Google Maps creator Lars Rasmussen, GC Tracker Fund, Red Octane cofounder Kai Huang, Gree Japan, Akatsuki, venture capitalist Bill Tai, Dennis Fong, Hong Kong Esports, iDreamSky, Hersh Interactive, and Razer’s ZVentures.
      
    
  
AUSTIN, Texas–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 12, 2018–
      
, a leading provider of digital banking solutions, today       announced that 
,       Australia’s largest credit union, has launched its new chat app powered       by 
 called 
, the first app in Australia to allow users to select a personal       banker to assist with their banking and insurance needs. iM CUA was       rolled out across compatible Apple and Android devices just in time for       Christmas and Australia’s summer holiday season. The iM CUA app also won       the 
 for “Best Online Customer Service 2018”. The Finder Award       recognizes the best online customer service in Australia, encompassing       chat, email, social and other digital platforms.    
      “This app is a great option for members wanting to avoid queuing at a       branch or waiting on the phone to chat to someone about their banking or       insurance in the frantic weeks leading up to the festive season,” said       CUA’s Chief Executive Officer Rob Goudswaard. “For those members heading       away on holidays, whether it’s within Australia or overseas, they can       have peace of mind they’ll be able to chat to a CUA personal banker from       wherever they are – whether they’re lazing on the beach, camping with       the kids or jetting off to Hawaii. And once you’re set up, iM CUA is a       convenient option at any time of the year.”    
      What differentiates iM CUA from other instant messaging apps in the       financial industry is the ability for members to select their own       personal banker who gets to know them and supports them with their       banking and insurance requirements every time they use the app.    
      “iM CUA is different to other banks that have chat-based apps, in that       it’s the only app in Australia where you know you are chatting to the       same personal banker every time you log on – they get to know you and       you can build a more personal connection,” said Mr Goudswaard. “It       offers the convenience of modern technology with a distinctly human       touch.”    
      “As banks and credits unions race to deliver innovative digital banking       services, many are looking for unique ways to maintain the personal       relationships their customers and members value,” said Jeffery Kendall,       senior vice president and general manager, Kony DBX. “Based on the       overwhelmingly positive Net Promoter Scores that CUA has received from       its initial 2,500 users during the pilot phase, the iM CUA app is       proving to be a powerful way to achieve this goal.”    
      The iM CUA app is the member-owned organization’s first initiative       delivered from CUA’s collaboration with Pivotus Inc., an international       collaboration with leading banking providers including Umpqua Bank and       the Netherland’s de Volksbank.    
      In October, 
 from Umpqua Holding Company. Kony is also the       provider of CUA’s new mobile banking platform. The alignment of the two       CUA partner organizations could potentially pave the way for exciting       opportunities around integrating CUA’s mobile banking and iM CUA apps in       the future.    
      Kony is the first vendor to provide pre-built, native and web apps along       with a purpose-built digital banking platform for financial       institutions. The Kony DBX platform builds on Kony’s digital expertise       in multiple industries, with advanced technology solutions supported by       an expansive partner network.    
      Kony serves financial services companies around the world, including       banks of all sizes, credit unions and insurance companies. Some of the       new customers that recently partnered with Kony to accelerate their       digital transformation include banks and credit unions located around       the globe.    
      Kony has been named a “Leader” among the top Digital Experience       Development Platforms vendors in The Forrester Wave™: 
.
Kony       has also been recognized as a “Leader” in the 
,       with the highest rating for Mobile Banking capabilities. Kony is also a 
, and earned two top honors at the 
 event: Runner Up for Best in Show and       People’s Choice.    
      
    
      
    
      CUA is Australia’s largest credit union, contributing to the financial       wellbeing of more than 515,000 Australians through our banking,       insurance and health insurance offers. As a mutual, we were created by       members for members and we care for them through the changes and       challenges in their lives. Our growth and success enable us to reinvest       in our business, deepen our relationships with members and build       stronger communities. Visit 
    
      
    
      
 is       the fastest growing, cloud-based digital application and low-code       platform solutions company, and a recognized industry leader among low       code and mobile application development platform (
)       providers. Kony DBX is the banking and financial services arm of 
 and is a globally recognized leader in digital banking       transformation. With a portfolio of modern, frictionless applications       powered by the industry’s most recognized platform, Kony DBX enables       banks and credit unions of any size to accelerate innovation – without       compromising what’s critical.    
      For more information on Kony DBX and Kony DBX Retail Banking, visit 
 or connect with Kony DBX on 
, 
,       and 
.    
      
Jean Kondo
Kony, Inc.
+1       510-823-4728    
      Julie Sigler
WE Communications
+1       415.547.7025    
      
Laurel-Lee Blain
CUA
Mobile:       +61 428 602 508    
It seems nary a week goes by without a breach that compromises millions of personal files. On Monday, Google revealed that it will shut down its social network, Google+, months earlier than initially planned after the profiles of tens of millions were inadvertently exposed. In September, Facebook revealed that hackers had gained access to data belonging to 50 million people. And those are just the tip of the iceberg. The problem is troublingly widespread — according to the Ponemon Institute, 
 of companies experienced one or more successful attacks this year.
The stats are enough to frighten anyone away from cloud storage, and they’re one of the reasons Pantas Sutardja, cofounder and ex-CTO at chipmaking giant Marvell, pursued a business focused on securing personal data. His San Jose startup — Latticework — emerged from stealth this summer, with 100 employees and an in-house hybrid cloud infrastructure dubbed LatticeNest. With $13 million in seed funding from Tyche Partners and individual strategic investors, the company is now gearing up to launch its first product: 
, a smart storage platform with artificially intelligent features.
“Every year, consumers are generating trillions of photos and 10 to 100 times more video data by phone,” Sutardja told VentureBeat in a phone interview. “They have a huge issue concerning how to store it securely for the long term. Frankly speaking, [cloud storage companies] are giving them free storage just so that they can do advertising, and while they only sell part of users’ data, they often leak … data that they didn’t intend to. We want to come in and solve this by unifying data across the cloud and personal devices.”
Amber is a cube-shaped network-attached storage (NAS) device with rounded corners and an Amazon Echo-like glowing LED ring on its top. It measures 6.5 inches across and weighs about 5 pounds, and it packs an Intel Core Duo (Gemini Lake) processor clocked between 1.1GHz and 2.6 GHz and a pair of hard drives (1TB or 2TB, depending on the configuration) in RAID 1 configuration. There’s an AC2600 Wi-Fi router thrown in for good measure, plus a bevy of ports, including HDMI out, two gigabit Ethernet ports, WAN ports, and two USB 3.0 ports — one USB-C and a USB Type A.
Amber is intended to be used as more than merely a repository, though. Thanks to its capable silicon, it’s able to index files as they’re added and deleted and to transcode and stream media at a variable bitrate. Additionally, for customers who take advantage, Amber can copy the whole of its contents to Latticework’s aforementioned LatticeNest cloud network, which is available at no additional charge. (In the future, expanded backup will be available for a fee.)
Sutardja says LatticeNest — which is hosted on Latticework’s own servers in a colocated datacenter — uses techniques like identity management and data routing verification to ensure personal data remains under lock and key. And in the interest of privacy, Latticework collects only the personal information necessary for two-factor authentication and baseline file-sharing functionality.
To that end, Amber’s got a companion app — LiFE — for Android, iOS, macOS, and Windows devices that bidirectionally syncs photos, videos, music, and other files wirelessly. Much like Google Photos and Apple’s Photo Stream, pics are optionally uploaded in the background and automatically categorized by on-device 
 algorithms. (These will soon recognize pets, Sutardja said.) On the entertainment front, the LiFE app supports Google Cast, allowing users to stream stored videos from Amber to Chromecast or other Cast-enabled devices on their local network, and support for AirPlay is on the way.
It’s not an entirely in-home affair. Amber owners can stream and access files remotely, on the go, over a TLS/SSL-encrypted connection. And the LiFE app’s sharing features allow users to create groups of contacts and share content to anyone via LatticeNest or anonymous links, even if the recipient doesn’t own an Amber.
“Basically, you store your data locally, but your data is always [available] at a moment’s notice,” Sutardja said. “It can be attached to the cloud and shared with anybody in the world.”
For Latticework, Amber’s just the start. Sutardja intends to iterate on the hardware and release new, more capable models in the future, potentially with purpose-built AI accelerator chips — à la the Neural-Network Processing Unit (NPU) in HiSilicon’s Kirin mobile processors. He predicts upgrades will drive the bulk of Latticework’s income, with an expanded LatticeNetwork that’s open to anyone as a supplementary revenue stream.
As for the first-generation Amber, work has already begun on Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant integration and — more ambitiously — an in-house voice recognition system that will run offline and on-device.
It’s an ambitious vision, and also an expensive one — some folks might balk at Amber’s $550 price tag (currently available at the promotional price of $399). Sutardja argues that it’s a small price to pay for peace of mind — and the features coming down the pipeline.
“We see Amber as a device that’s eventually going to grow into [a] personal home assistant,” Sutardja said. “If it’s going to be [a] data vault where all your data will be collected, why not add [an intelligent] layer that’s private, instead of relying on a public a system that may or may not take your data? We are very, very privacy-driven — we’ll do everything that we can do locally.”
Privacy-focused search engine 
 has taken control of the Duck.com domain from Google.
Google had gained ownership of the Duck.com domain after agreeing to 
, though the deal wasn’t concluded until the following year. For the record, On2 was 
 as the Duck Corporation, which is why it owned the Duck.com domain.
DuckDuckGo, for the uninitiated, was founded in 2008 and is pitched as the antithesis of Google, insofar as it doesn’t profile or track its users around the web. It also promises to serve the same results to all users, 
.
The core of the problem was that the 
, much to chagrin of DuckDuckGo, which felt this could be confusing. But in July, Googler Rob Shilkin responded to a Bloomberg reporter’s criticism of the situation by arranging for the redirect to go to a new landing page at on2.com, along with some spiel explaining the backstory and a link to DuckDuckGo.com.
i looked into this. we acquired 
 today announced the close of a $50 million funding round to incorporate more machine learning into its data management service. The company helps businesses draw data from on-premise 
 to break down silos, pool datasets, and connect business intelligence tools.
AtScale also helps companies access data from data warehouses and online analytical processing (OLAP) systems, pulling data from services like AWS Snowflake, Google BigQuery, and Microsoft Azure SQL Data.
“People want to move to the cloud for reasons we all know, but there are practical inhibitors for the global 2000, meaning all of the data management and architectures that they’ve built,” said CEO Chris Lynch. “That’s the real opportunity for us in the market. We can bring big data workloads to the cloud because we eliminate the friction.”
The funding will be used to bring new AI-powered features to AtScale products, with the goal of assisting businesses in data-driven decision-making. To further this goal, AtScale will grow engineering operations in Boston, Montreal, and Bulgaria, where the company opened offices his fall.
“Because we sit in the fabric and see every query, we’re leveraging machine learning to predictively serve up data based on the queries we see,”  Lynch said. “The other way we use machine learning is for automated provision so that we can provision a system for a query based on a number of attributes. The idea is that we could basically automatically spin up the right node for the nature of the request.”
The $50 million funding round was led by Morgan Stanley, with participation from Storm Ventures, Wells Fargo, and Atlantic Bridge. The funding will also be used to grow the company’s sales and marketing divisions, Lynch said.
AtScale customers include Allstate, Kraft-Heinz, JPMorgan Chase, and TD Bank
The company was established in August 2013 and is based in San Mateo, California. It currently has 85 employees.
At the Los Altos home of Intel cofounder 
, company executives, architects, and fellows revealed their plans to expand Intel’s processors and other chips into new markets.
During “Architecture Day” on Tuesday, the team said it anticipates the next decade will see more changes in computing architecture than we’ve seen in the past 50 years. Intel believes this will create new addressable market opportunities worth more than $300 billion by 2022.
Part of the point of the event was to show how Intel got its groove back. I must admit, I found the array of activity and the depth of the presentations to be impressive. It was a reminder of the potential of a company that generated $63 billion in revenues last year and 
 this year.
Above: Bob Noyce’s home in Los Altos, California.
Intel is focusing on next-generation chip architectures — the foundations for many families of chips — that will handle data-intensive workloads for PCs and other smart consumer devices, high-speed networks, ubiquitous artificial intelligence (AI), specialized cloud datacenters, and autonomous vehicles.
The company can’t do everything, and executives were candid about the need to focus on getting Intel to innovate again, rather than eking out 5-percent-per-year performance improvements.
“We have starved you for information for three years, and now we have food,” said Raja Koduri, chief architect and senior vice president at Intel, as he opened talks in the room where Intel’s first board meetings took place in the 1960s.
Above: Raja Koduri is chief architect and senior vice president at Intel.
As Koduri exited AMD and thought about what to do next, he realized he wanted to go to a place that was ambitious, open to transformation, and capable of operating at the largest scale. Intel fit the bill, in part because it needed to change.
Intel is eager to show it has recovered from a bad manufacturing misstep that caused it to fall off the regular cadence of manufacturing improvements. And so on Tuesday the company demoed a range of chips that were made with its new 10 nanometer (where the width between circuits is only 10 billionths of a meter wide) manufacturing process.
The aforementioned delay in moving to a new manufacturing technology was accompanied by the 
, which has captured a higher share of the processor market with its 
.
With the slowing of Moore’s Law (the famous prediction in 1965 made by Intel chairman emeritus Gordon Moore that the number of transistors on a chip will double every year), the design and architecture of processors will have to dramatically improve if the coming years are to bring the same pace of technological improvement as we’ve seen in the past 50 years. Intel’s recent slip has made people wonder if Moore’s Law, limited by laws of physics for very small devices, is coming to an end.
“We do not want to let that happen ever again,” Koduri said in a small press group Q&A. “When something bad happens, the whole pipeline clogs. We are working on it. It’s a challenge, and something we are focused on.” The challenge has to do with ensuring proper coordination between manufacturing and design and making adjustments when one of these falls off schedule.
A confluence of such issues slowed Intel’s growth and may have contributed to the board’s decision to part ways with former CEO 
 in June. Bob Swan, former chief financial officer, has been acting CEO since then, with no permanent CEO named yet. And Intel is in a tough competitive spot when it comes to dealing with rivals like AMD, Nvidia, Apple, Samsung, TSMC, and Qualcomm. The ghost of Bob Noyce, which you could say seemed pretty real in his former home, would not be happy with this Intel.
At stake is leadership in the 
, and the pole position in defining the future of computing. Koduri and crew plan to design their way out of this problem.
“People are saying Moore’s Law is dead,” Koduri said. “We call this the Architecture Era. We are going to architect our way around the slopes in this era.”
Above: Jim Keller is a rock star among chip architects. He is a senior vice president at Intel.
Koduri, the former graphics chief at rival Advanced Micro Devices, and Venkata “Murthy” Renduchintala, group president at Intel and the highest-ranking executive at the event, both acknowledged the competitive pressure on the company.
But Intel has been willing to bring in outsiders to help guide its tens of thousands of chip designers. Renduchintala joined Intel in 2015 after leaving one of the top executive posts at rival Qualcomm. 
 after a sabbatical in 2017, and he joined Intel as its chief architect in November 2017. 
, another chip design legend and architect of AMD’s comeback with the Zen processors, joined Intel in April after leaving Tesla.
This new set of voices helped challenge Intel’s internally grown thinking about computer architectures, said Renduchintala. Rather than upset the apple cart or remake everything, these outside views are helping challenge and test the design team’s assumptions about where to go, he said.
“I came from the outside. Are we losing leadership on our key pillars?,” Koduri asked. “What are the essential ingredients we need for our aspiration? What are the key pillars Intel should be great at? What are the areas where Intel cannot afford to be behind? There needs to be a baseline. We started mapping it out.”
Koduri said the team looked at its capabilities in each specific area, and it ranked them with colors red (behind rivals), yellow (parity), or green (leadership). Keller said that in six months he has been able to better understand all of the things Intel’s tens of thousands of engineers do. He said he prefers to think of himself as an “execution architect,” or someone who is a “friend of the transistor” and makes things happen on a daily basis, rather than focusing on a long quest. He also wants to make “engineering more fun by lowering the friction” that gets in the way.
“Intel’s mission is not to do 5 percent better every year,” Keller said. “Our mission says we are building stuff that changes the world in unknowable ways. Engineers love that stuff, and they work for love.”
Intel’s answer includes a renewed focus on the entire system. It plans to concentrate its engineering resources on driving innovation in advanced manufacturing processes and packaging, new architectures to speed up specialized tasks like AI and graphics, super-fast memory, interconnects, embedded security features, and common software to unify and simplify programming for developers across Intel’s compute roadmap. Talk on Tuesday centered around those architectural efforts.
“We will see more changes in architecture in the next 10 years than we saw in the last 50,” Koduri declared. “What if petaflops of compute power and petabytes of data are a few single-digit milliseconds away from every person on the planet?”
Above: Foveros can sandwich two chips in the 3D space where only one fit before.
To demonstrate its progress, Intel showed off a new 3D packaging technology called Foveros, which for the first time brings the benefits of 3D stacking to enable logic-on-logic integration. It’s a way to put a couple of chips together vertically in a package and shorten the distance electrical signals have to travel, thereby improving efficiency and power consumption for the whole system.
Intel said Foveros paves the way for devices and systems combining high-performance, high-density, and low-power silicon process technologies. Foveros is expected to extend die stacking beyond traditional passive interposers and stacked memory to high-performance logic — such as CPU, graphics, and AI processors — for the first time.
“We will leverage Foveros across the entire product line,” Koduri said.
Researchers at the 
 have developed an artificial intelligence (AI) system that can isolate small, nearly transparent imperfections in poorly lit images in order to reproduce objects. A blog post published by 
 today describes a deep neural network — layered mathematical functions loosely mimicking the behavior of neurons in the brain — that can erase target artifacts from grainy images.
George Barbastathis, professor of mechanical engineering at MIT, believes this might have applications in medicine.
“In the lab, if you blast biological cells with light you burn them, and there is nothing left to image,” he told 
. “When it comes to X-ray imaging, if you expose a patient to X-rays, you increase the danger they may get cancer. What we’re doing here is — you can get the same image quality but with a lower exposure to the patient. And in biology, you can reduce the damage to biological specimens when you want to sample them.”
To assemble a corpus, the team sourced a collection of 10,000 integrated circuits (IC), each of which they exposed to a phase spatial light modulator that displayed a unique, etch-like pattern of horizontal and vertical bars on a glass slide. Photos of all 10,000 ICs taken in the dark were used to “teach” the AI system to reconstruct transparent, obscured objects.
The pictures, interestingly, were captured out of focus — this was to create ripples in the detected light, which signaled to the neural network a given object’s presence. The researchers corrected for the resulting blur by incorporating a law in physics that describes the behavior of light when a camera is defocused.
“Invisible objects can be revealed in different ways, but it usually requires you to use ample light,” Barbastathis said. “What we’re doing now is visualizing the invisible objects, in the dark. So it’s like two difficulties combined. And yet we can still do the same amount of revelation.”
After sufficiently training the model, the team validated their work by exposing it to a pattern not present in the training set. In darkness, both with and without the physical law embedded, it managed to reconstruct the original transparent pattern accurately. Moreover, when trained on a new dataset of 10,000 images of people, animals, places, and other subjects and fed an image of a transparent etching of a scene, it produced a reconstruction more accurate than the original image.
“We have shown that deep learning can reveal invisible objects in the dark,” Alexandre Goy, a lead author on the paper, told 
. “This result is of practical importance for medical imaging to lower the exposure of the patient to harmful radiation, and for astronomical imaging.”
 today announced that its 2018 broadcast more than doubled its viewership to over 26.2 million global livestreams, up 128 percent from 2017’s record-setting performance of 11.5 million livestreams.
The Game Awards hosted by Geoff Keighley has become a celebration of the popularity and culture of gaming, which has become a $135 billion global business, according to market researcher 
.
The awards were held before a live crowd at the Microsoft Theater in downtown Los Angeles on December 6 and had strong metrics for viewer voting, social engagement, and co-streaming. The show had some sweet moments, like when the leaders of Sony, Microsoft, and Nintendo showed up on stage together to promote the common interests that they and all gamers have.
The Game Awards program became one of Twitch’s biggest livestreams to date with over 1.13 million concurrent viewers watching the program on Twitch at its peak, nearly doubling last year’s Twitch viewership.
Above: Geoff Keighley is creator and host of The Game Awards.
In total, peak concurrency for the show is estimated to have reached over 4 million global viewers, including more than double the number of concurrent viewers on YouTube compared to the 2017 broadcast.
“Five years in, it’s amazing to see The Game Awards continue to grow both domestically and internationally,” said Keighley, in a statement. “These results further validate our focus on an all-digital, no-friction approach of sharing this show globally across more than 45 video platforms, not to mention the growing interest and passion for video games around the world.”
On social media, The Game Awards was the No. 1 worldwide trend on Twitter for the fourth year in a row, trending faster than ever before. #TheGameAwards hashtag usage was up 1.6 times over 2017 and overall conversation was up 1.9 times from a year ago, with more than 1.8 times the number of unique authors.
In addition, the livestream on Twitter reached 1.3 times more unique viewers compared to 2017. On the Chinese social platform Weibo, Game Awards related posts achieved more than 56 million views from 310,000 unique individual postings.
Above: Sunny Siljic (left) and Christopher Judge — the voices from God of War — at The Game Awards.
My favorite moment was when actor Christopher Judge, the voice of Kratos in 
, used his booming and low voice to tell his co-presenter, Sunny Suljic, who plays Kratos’ son, to disclose the winner of an award.
“Read it, boy!” Judge said in his Kratos voice. 
, delivering an upset to Red Dead Redemption 2.
On Twitch, The Game Awards Extension gave creators and their audiences a chance to predict winners in all the main show categories, with “Cellbit,” a popular creator in Brazil, winning the prediction game alongside his viewers. All told, more than 3,300 Twitch creators co-streamed the program live (up over 140 percent from last year), with many translating the show in real time for their fans.
Online authenticated fan voting for The Game Awards delivered a 50 percent increase to more than 10.5 million logged-in votes, with fans selecting their favorites across The Game Awards website, as well as on a Discord server, Twitter, Facebook Messenger, via voice on Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant, and in China via a dedicated voting hub on Bilibili.
More than 10 new games were announced during the program including Mortal Kombat 11 from NetherRealm Studios and Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment; Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3: The Black Order from Nintendo; CTR from Activision; #TheDreadWolfRises from BioWare and Electronic Arts; and Far Cry New Dawn from Ubisoft.
Talent appearing during The Game Awards included Jonah Hill, Christoph Waltz, The Russo Brothers, Rosa Salazar, JackSepticEye, Ninja, Pokimane, The Duffer Brothers (Stranger Things), Pepe the King Prawn from the Muppets and Joel McHale, in addition to The Game Awards Orchestra, conducted by Lorne Balfe and featuring special guests Hans Zimmer, Harry Gregson-Williams, Lena Raine (composer, Celeste) and Sarah Schachner (composer, Anthem).
Each year, the show has grown. Here’s the numbers from earlier years:
Kimmie Kim is executive producer of the show, alongside Keighley. LeRoy Bennett is creative director, and Rich Preuss is director.
Computer vision is infiltrating just about every industry — to 
, identify 
, and even 
.
Then there is 
 which is leveraging machine learning and hyperspectral imaging, a technique that combines 
 and computer vision, to automatically assess the quality of food in factories and elsewhere.
The San Francisco-based startup previously raised around $1.6 million in funding, and today it’s lifting the lid on another $1.3 million in a round led by transport and logistics giant Maersk. Participants in the round include the Yield Lab, Acre Venture Partners, AgFunder, and Xandex Ventures. A spokesperson told VentureBeat that the fresh funds will be used to “accelerate product development” and grow the company’s sales and engineering teams.
The roots of hyperspectral imaging can be traced back decades to NASA, which developed the technology for use in aerial imaging.
While the human eye broadly perceives the color of light in three wavelength bands — red = long, green = medium, and blue = short — hyperspectral cameras cover a much wider spectrum to see beyond what’s visible to humans. Thus, ImpactVision’s cameras and machine learning software can serve up information on the quality of food — including how fresh it is, its expected shelf-life, and any contamination that may be present — purely by scanning the food from the outside. A core selling point here is that no food is damaged in the process, which is entirely non-invasive.
One way of determining the maturity of an avocado, for example, is to carry out a dry matter (DM) content analysis. Traditionally, this is slow and sample-based, meaning that it’s not entirely reliable in terms of ensuring the quality of each individual avocado. ImpactVision claims its automated visual-based classification system produces far more accurate results, while also being able to scan 100 percent of the products.
Above: ImpactVision: Scanning avocados
Above: ImpactVision: Avocado scanning on the screen
ImpactVision told VentureBeat that it’s working with avocado distributors to replace their current systems, which lead to a great deal of waste and consume a lot of resources.
“Hyperspectral imaging allows us to perceive qualities the human eye cannot detect by accessing information from across the electromagnetic spectrum — for example, the freshness or ripeness of food products,” said ImpactVision CEO Abi Ramanan. “We recognize the potential this data has to transform the way supply chains process and distribute food.”
It’s not just about checking for ripeness and contamination, however. ImpactVision also said it’s in discussions with large berry distributors to potentially automate some manual processes, such as counting strawberries to keep tabs on the amount of produce created.
Above: ImpactVision: Counting strawberries
Around a third of food produced globally each year never reaches a human mouth, 
 to the United Nations’ Food and Agriculture Organization. This translates to $1 trillion of edible food ending up in a landfill.
ImpactVision’s underlying promise fits into a broader waste-cutting 
.
“Hyperspectral imaging technology is a game-changer for the food system, and ImpactVision’s machine learning-first approach positions them competitively as the sensors increasingly commoditize,” said Peter Jorgensen, venture partner at Maersk. “We see clear potential in enabling food supply chains to be more predictive, in terms of waste reduction but also increasing quality and safety for consumers worldwide.”
Numerous startups raised VC cash to help companies cut waste this year. Santa Barbara-based 
 raised 
 $70 million to eliminate food waste by applying a second layer of skin to fruit and vegetables to reinforce protection and prolong shelf life by up to 3 times. Apeel Sciences also commercialized its product this year, with Costco and Harps Food Stores selling avocados and reportedly garnering a 65 percentage-point margin increase and a 10 percent sales increase.
Elsewhere, Swedish startup Karma raised 
 that enables restaurants and supermarkets to sell their surplus food at a discount, while Full Harvest 
 for a B2B marketplace that helps farmers sell surplus and imperfect goods to food and beverage companies.
Last year, Volvo 
 self-steering trucks to help sugarcane farmers improve their crop yield. Roughly 4 percent of crops can be lost to trucks driving over them, due to human error. With self-steering trucks, drivers don’t have to worry about keeping the vehicle in a straight line.
It’s worth noting here that ImpactVision’s product is actually the software and machine learning algorithms that interpret the images captured by the hyperspectral cameras. However, the company provides everything needed for factories and food companies to use its software — it sources off-the-shelf hyperspectral imaging cameras, rather than developing its own expensive hardware, and sells everything as a bundle. It also charges to install the camera sensors, and there is a recurring software fee.
“We’re taking this technology into the food industry in order to digitize food supply chains, which are today overwhelmingly analogue — [involving] visual inspections and destructive sample-based tests,” Ramanan continued.
ImpactVision has carried out a number of pilot projects around the world to predict quality attributes of meat, fish, fruit, and salad. But Beta San Miguel, a sugar processor based in Mexico, represents the first commercial installation of ImpactVision’s technology. The tools are used to spot foreign objects in the sugar that may be missed by X-ray, metal detectors, and the human eye.
“ImpactVision’s foreign object detection system gives us full confidence that potential contaminants will be detected in real time during processing,” added Ismael Santiago Aguirre, director of special projects and innovation at Beta San Miguel. “This means we can always guarantee premium quality sugar to our clients, enhancing our brand and product.”
For now and the foreseeable future, ImpactVision will be largely focused on food companies. But with smartphone cameras constantly evolving, don’t be surprised if you find an ImpactVision app to download from Google or Apple’s respective app stores in the next few years.
As you can see from these mockup screenshots, ImpactVision envisages a day when you will no longer have to fondle produce to determine ripeness — you’ll just point your phone at the fruit aisle and receive a freshness score on the spot.
Above: ImpactVision: Mockup consumer app
Researchers have also 
 on mobile phones, which could have ramifications beyond that of determining food health — potentially being used to scan humans and detect conditions such as cancer.
Electronic Arts’ 
 studio has released 
, the latest vignette of the 
 single-player episodes of 
.
I thought I would do something different and create a video of the highlights of The Last Tiger, along with audio narration reviewing the story, which is the first to show World War II from the German perspective. The vignette is part of an update called Overture, which itself is one of the Tides of War series of ongoing updates that will come out periodically for Battlefield V.
Above: Peter Muller and Schroder (right) at the start of The Last Tiger.
This update is a hefty one, as it has The Last Tiger as well as an armor-centric multiplayer map dubbed Panzerstorm. In Panzerstorm, as many as 17 tanks can battle at the same time, and if DICE has its way, you won’t think of a Tiger in the multiplayer map as simple a vehicle with a lot of hit points. After playing The Last Tiger, it should mean more than that to you. I’ve played both the story and the Panzerstorm map, and here’s my thoughts on it, here and in the video.
 that it was a bit of a tightrope to walk, as DICE wanted to tell a story about the human side of the war, from the German view, without creating an apology for Nazi behavior in World War II.
“On the high level, what we set out to do with this game and the War Stories was to build on the anthology format. As such, we wanted to do a couple of things,” Holmes said. “One, to portray the fact that it’s a world war, to capture locations and events from all over the world to bring different perspectives on the war. We also had the mantra of the unseen, the untold, and the unplayed. With that, we’ve been working hard to capture events that took place, or to be inspired by events that took place, that players most likely are less aware of.”
Holmes added, “With this one we’re meeting up with the crew of a Tiger I tank that find themselves holding a last stand along the bank of the Rhine during the later part of the war, as the German defense is crumbling. We get to experience the chemistry within the crew as you find yourself trapped and start to reflect on your actions.”
Above: The Panzerstorm map
The story itself came from the tank. The Tiger was so powerful, with such a brutal ability to take out American Sherman tanks with a single shot of its 88-millimeter cannon. The Allied tank shots just bounce off the armor of the Tiger, which you can repair with ease in the game.
The tank is also a nice storytelling vehicle, as the four-member crew can’t go anywhere. You have the seasoned commander, Peter Muller; the cynical veteran driver Kertz; the propaganda-believing gunner Schroder; and the new recruit and radio operator Hartmann. These crew members have conversations, sometimes even in mid-battle, that give you a feel for who they are as characters and the emotions that they are experiencing under the stress of warfare.
“What we found as developers is we had to figure out how to tell a story that’s authentic to the values of War Stories, like we’ve done before — something that’s driven from the German perspective, but that isn’t apologetic, that isn’t propaganda,” Holmes said. “Something that’s true to the sort of people that served and fought, and that’s also something players can enjoy. It touches dangerous territory, but hopefully it’s also an enlightening and engaging experience.”
Above: Peter Mueller is the commander of Tiger tank 237.
Holmes said the team was inspired by the 1980s film 
, a story about a doomed German submarine in the last days of the war.
“That informed us a great deal, as to how to tell the story, and how not to whitewash anything — not to reject the truth, but to try to get behind their eyes a bit. It’s a moving and powerful film, and it does feel true. It feels authentic,” Holmes said.
The Last Tiger also takes place in the spring of 1945, as the Germans are retreating across the Rhine to their homeland.
In this setting, the goal isn’t to show a good German. Rather, Holmes said, “We wouldn’t want to do something where we glorify or heroically present the Tiger crew that goes out there to win the war, like they’re just a bunch of happy-go-lucky chaps who happen to speak German. That’s not what we’re doing. We’re trying to tell something that reaches out and touches, hopefully, through the Battlefield lens, what it was like to be on the side that was losing, that had been fighting for many years. Their morale is breaking. There are a vast array of people involved in the fight, from young people who don’t know what it’s like to veterans who know exactly what is going on, but are afraid to say it.”
I believe this is the finest War Story of the batch, and I’m a bit surprised to say that. But I’ve played them all and I’ve played a lot of multiplayer, and I have to hand it to DICE for a job well done. This story is short, clocking in at a little over an hour, but it communicates a lot, with the right tone. And that reflects how much thought Holmes and the team put into it.
It’s almost too bad that DICE and EA, which released Battlefield V on November 20, saved their best content for an update, rather than including it at the launch. But like I said. I like the story and the new multiplayer map, and it’s one reason why Battlefield V is growing on me.
Please check out the video review as well.
      
    
  
NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 12, 2018–
      The parent company of 
,       one the fastest-growing co-living brands in the U.S., today announced a       €1bn investment agreement for its European portfolio. This initiative —       the largest single co-living investment worldwide — is a key milestone       in the firm’s growth and prelude to an American expansion projected for       2019.    
      Under the record-breaking announcement, Berlin-based 
, one of the largest co-living service providers in the       world, and Frankfurt-listed 
 (CORESTATE), one of Europe’s largest real       estate investment managers, have jointly agreed to invest €1bn of equity       and debt in the co-living sector over the next three to five years,       developing 35 new co-living assets across Europe.    
      “This investment is a breakthrough for the co-living sector worldwide,”       said Gunther Schmidt, MEDICI LIVING founder and CEO. “The co-living       sector has enormous potential-even greater than the co-working sector,       and our European investment program presents a playbook for our growth       plans in the U.S. and other markets. We are building the WeWork of       co-living,” Mr. Schmidt added.    
      In addition to MEDICI LIVING’s current European target markets of       Germany, UK, and Netherlands, the new investment program will focus on       Austria, Switzerland, Spain, and Poland. The focus will be on cities       with populations greater than 500,000, and properties – existing as well       as new-build – with an investment volume of between €20m and €60m.    
      The partners expect the program to include around 35 assets in total,       which the MEDICI LIVING Group will operate under the QUARTERS brand.       With its high-quality facilities, QUARTERS, which also has locations in       New York and Chicago, targets young professionals and offers a       residential and living experience aligned with the needs of Millennials.    
      CORESTATE will handle investment, project development, financing, and       asset and fund management, while the MEDICI LIVING Group will be       responsible for the conceptual design and operation of the properties.       Already one of the largest co-living service providers in the world,       Medici will grow its current portfolio of 1,800 rooms to more than 7,800       rooms with the program.    
      “Urbanization, young people’s desire for community as well as the       opportunity to live and work in different cities, are boosting demand       for communal residential space,” said Dr. Michael Bütter, CEO of       CORESTATE. “Investment in the co-living segment is characterized by the       low risk profile of residential property paired, however, with higher       yield expectations. Investors will profit from CORESTATE’s Europe-wide       expertise in deal sourcing and the operative know-how of MEDICI LIVING.”    
      
With locations       in New York, Chicago, and Berlin, QUARTERS is a global co-living brand       that offers a new and unique living experience for young professionals.       The QUARTERS lifestyle is built on convenience and flexibility and is       driven by the understanding that the value of home is created by shared       experiences. 
    
      
The 
, the largest provider of co-living services worldwide,       develops and operates innovative, digitalized residential and co-living       space concepts for different target groups with different needs around       the globe. For its co-living brands 
 (student co-living) and 
       (co-living for young professionals), the group leases existing assets as       well as new buildings. Overall, the portfolio of the Medici Living Group       encompasses 1,800 rooms worldwide, which are 97% occupied. All       residential units are leased long-term and furnished by Medici. CEO and       founder Gunther Schmidt launched the Medici Living Group together with       Robert Gmeiner and Ferdinand von Fumetti, co-founder and managing       director, in 2012.    
      
CORESTATE       Capital Holding S.A. (CORESTATE) is an investment manager and       co-investor with approximately EUR 25bn in assets under management. As a       fully integrated real estate platform, CORESTATE offers its clients       combined expertise in the areas of investment and fund management as       well as real estate management services. The company operates as a       respected business partner of institutional clients and wealthy private       investors internationally. CORESTATE is headquartered in Luxembourg and       has 42 offices including in Frankfurt, London, Madrid, Singapore and       Zurich. The company employs over 730 people and is listed in the       regulated market (SDAX) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. Further       information is available at 
.    
      Lisa Serbaniewicz
Marino
(212)       402-3496    
Electronic Arts’ 
 studio’s new Overture update to 
 has a new multiplayer map dubbed Panzerstorm. I’ve played it as well as 
, the latest vignette of the 
 single-player stories in the game.
I’ve taken a video of one of my more comical game sessions on Panzerstorm. I’ve added a running commentary to my slapstick gameplay, so you can just listen to the video review if you wish.
This map is a sprawling one set in Hannut, Belgium, in 1940, when the British and the Germans are squaring off in an armor battle. You can get as many as 17 tanks on this map at the same time, which can lead to some serious action.
In this session, I played Panzerstorm in the Conquest mode, where 32 players battle 32, and the goal is to control six capture points on the map. The capture points are in farmhouses and buildings, where the only infantry refuge points exist. Others have pointed out that it’s not very fun to play this map as an infantry soldier, since you have to run exposed over long distances to get to capture points.
But that’s the life of the grunt. Fortunately, you have plenty of vehicles to control or hitch rides from. You can also get in an airplane and terrorize the tanks the way that the tanks terrorize the foot soldiers. Or you can terrorize the planes with flak guns. This is a good example of the rock-paper-scissors nature of Battlefield V.
On this map, I played with a flak cannon, unproductively, until a lone infantry soldier took me out. Then I dueled with infantry enemies for control of a capture point. And I finally made my way to some action at another point, where I found an anti-tank gun. I was able to use that gun to head off an attack from four British tanks closing on the capture point. Another troop carrier managed to park right in front of my gun and then get blown up. That turned into my cover for the rest of the time, where I tried to use my weak anti-tank gun against the distant British tanks.
It wasn’t spectacular, but it showed you could survive on the map without a tank. It’s one of the reasons that Battlefield V is growing on me. Please check out the 
.
Fraud detection startup 
 today announced the close of a $3 million funding round.
Inscribe uses a combination of natural language processing and computer vision to scan documents sent to lenders and insurance companies to catch fraudulent activity in documents like pay stubs, bank statements, and tax forms.
The money will be used to grow the company and its engineering ranks. As a result, an office will be opened in Dublin, Ireland, cofounder and CEO Ronan Burke told VentureBeat in a phone interview. Inscribe currently has four employees.
Computer vision may flag documents based on their appearance resembling free online templates, dark web forgeries, or even based on the font used or color of a document.
“We’re focusing a lot on fintech lenders at the moment, but next year we’ll be moving towards more traditional lenders and larger companies, and then further afield, we’ll also explore insurance and other marketplaces like Uber and Airbnb who require you to show you own the property or require you to have insurance for your car,” he said.
In addition to use of computer vision and NLP to find patterns in fraud in documents, Inscribe also cross references documents with internal databases of fraudulent phone numbers, addresses, business names, and images of fraudulent documents.
Going forward more third-party databases will be used to inform Inscribe’s fraud detection AI such as information from governments like tax numbers as well as addresses, business names, and templates of fraudulent pay stubs found online.
Inscribe will stay focused on scanning documents for the foreseeable future, Burke said.
“For now documents are our main focus because the number of documents being used in the underwriting process throughout the world and monetary value being placed on them, it’s quite a unique situation where loans worth hundreds of thousands of dollars are based on documents and also insurance claims.”
The $3 million funding round was led by Crosslink Capital and Uncork Capital with participation from SV Angel, Friále, Liquid 2 Ventures, and Quiet Capital.
An additional $170,000 was raised as part of participation in Y Combinator and Acceleprise startup accelerators.
Inscribe was established in October 2017 and is based in San Francisco.
 has launched its newest game, 
, around the world today. The 3-on-3 mobile MOBA-like game (think League of Legends or Vainglory) is available on iOS and Android.
Brawl Stars has had a soft launch in some countries, including Canada, Singapore, and Supercell’s home country, Finland. Even in soft launch, the game achieved 
 during that 500-day period.
Supercell has created huge mobile hits like 
 and 
. If Brawl Stars is a success, it can give the studio a newer title to help keep their revenues strong in the future.
Brawl Stars has MOBA elements, although it’s debatable if you can call it a full MOBA. You play on a team while controlling a single character with special abilities. But while most MOBAs, including the mobile hit 
, take place on a large map, Brawl Heroes restricts its action to a smaller playing field. This results in faster, more chaotic matches.
The app is free-to-play with in-game purchases. These range from $2 to $100.
Finding the perfect gift for everyone on your holiday list is a notoriously difficult task, but if you have a tech enthusiast in your life, look no further than this list of awesome gadgets — each of which is available for an additional 15 percent off its already-discounted price when you enter the coupon code MERRY15 at check-out.
Your iPhone camera is already pretty impressive, but this surprisingly simple attachment takes things to an entirely new level — allowing you to effortlessly 
 4K video for everything from live-streaming to video chatting. This attachment is also by far the easiest way to quickly create sharable VR content for any medium.
Finding the perfect drone is tricky, but if someone on your gift list is a Star Wars fan, these drones are a no-brainer. Available as an X-Wing fighter, an X1, or a 74-Z Speeder Bike, these dogfighting drones can engage in mid-air laser combat and execute impressive flips with the push of a button. They also come with a variety of speed settings so pilots of all skill levels can enjoy the fun.
If you or someone you know loves to pack light, check out these vacuum travel kits, which dramatically reduce the size of your luggage by up to 70 percent. These innovative tools remove air and compress your items when they’re placed in the provided reusable bags, and even prevent things like mildew and odors.
Endoscopic cameras aren’t just for doctors. This intrepid camera can be used for everything from diagnosing engine trouble to finding that lost magnet behind the fridge, and it streams HD video directly to your smartphone for easy tracking. It also features an 8-way adjustable LED for added illumination.
Not being able to find your keys when you’re heading out the door is one of life’s more obnoxious frustrations, and this simple tool ensures that you’ll never have to endure such hardships ever again—thanks to Tile Smart technology that lets you track down up to ten keys from a locator map on your smartphone.
Everything about the next-generation cellular standard 5G is complicated — too complicated for average users, and guaranteed to confuse everyone except engineers once early 5G devices begin to hit shelves over the next few months.
But 5G is about to become one of the world’s most important and transformative technologies, so it’s worth understanding right now. As VentureBeat’s resident 5G expert, that’s where I come in.
To help you navigate the big picture concepts and jargon, I’ve put together a must-read “cheat sheet” that explains pretty much everything you need to know in one place. Rather than organizing everything in numeric or alphabetical order, I’ve clustered related concepts under a set of major headings.
Bear in mind 5G is an international standard, but like 4G, it’s not done evolving. This list is just a start, and could evolve in the future as new terms appear.
Above: A Samsung official shows off 5G tower hardware.
Decades ago, all long-distance communications required wires, evolving from the basic “two cups connected by a string” to networks of wires that eventually connected most cities and countries to one another. While wired “land lines” are still used all over the world, radio-powered wireless devices began by freeing users from phone cords, then liberated phones from being tethered to homes and offices.
Cellular wireless technology uses radio waves to send data from phones (and other mobile devices such as computers) to “cells” mounted on “cell towers,” where wires generally carry the data to servers, or to other cell towers for transmission to different phones. Each cellular “generation” uses improved radio technology to boost speeds and other dimensions of performance.
Above: Qualcomm’s latest 5G millimeter wave antennas are designed to fit inside smartphones and computers.
The radio components found inside cellular devices, collectively capable of creating, transmitting, receiving, and decoding cellular voice and data communications. A modem does the encoding and decoding, while the antennas help to listen for and broadcast radio signals.
The backpack- or pizza box-sized cellular radio box mounted on a tower, lightpost, or building to transmit and receive 5G signals to a cellular carrier such as AT&T, T-Mobile, or Verizon. These boxes are so named because they’re smaller than prior cell boxes, and frequently mounted on smaller (and potentially more visible) towers.
Above: Qualcomm President Cristiano Amon shows off the company’s first live 5G reference phone design.
The 
 responsible for developing international cellular standards. Short for 3rd Generation Partnership Project, this group has worked to harmonize 3G, 4G, and 5G specifications for the past two decades.
Third-generation cellular communications technologies, which were used in most mobile phones sold from 2007 through 2011-2012, unifying most (but not all) countries’ phones under a global standard.
Fourth-generation cellular communications technologies, used in most phones sold from 2011-2012 through 2018. The 4G “Long-Term Evolution” (LTE) standard noticeably boosted data speeds over 3G, and became significantly faster over time.
Fifth-generation cellular communications, the late 2018/early 2019 follow-up to 4G. The 5G standard uses “New Radio” (NR) as a suffix, distinguishing this generation from 4G LTE.
A pre-standard version of 5G developed by Verizon so that it could debut an early next-generation network. In October 2018, Verizon launched this version of 5G in four U.S. cities, but has said it will replace 5G TF devices with standards-compliant 5G NR hardware in late 2018 and early 2019.
Also known as 3GPP’s Release 15, this refers to the initially finalized version of the global 5G standard. 3GPP continues to hold meetings to advance its standards; there were seven separate 4G releases that evolved LTE to “LTE-Advanced Pro” before the launch of 5G.
Above: A map shows the different 5G-ready radio frequencies that are being allocated across the world.
Short for “hertz,” “megahertz,” and “gigahertz,” these terms all refer to the number of times something changes in one second. 1Hz is one time per second, 1MHz is a million times a second, and 1GHz is a billion times a second — generally, the higher the number, the faster (and more complicated) something is.
Often abbreviated “mmWave,” millimeter waves are ultra-high frequency radio waves in the 24GHz to 300GHz range, and are being brought to phones for the first time with 5G. Current 5G phones focus on the 28GHz band. These radio waves generally travel reliably for only short distances (around 1,000 feet), but can hold a lot of data — currently 6 gigabits per second.
Referring broadly to radio signals in the 3.3GHz to 6GHz range, this wide swath of radio spectrum has become the sweet spot for early 5G in many countries — but not the United States (yet). Sub-6GHz radio waves can travel further than mmWave, and thus don’t require as many cell towers, but only offer around 1/3 the bandwidth.
Pre-5G cellular standards have used lower radio frequencies between 600MHz and 2.5GHz for data. Some carriers, including Sprint and T-Mobile in the United States, are already working to bring 5G to these frequencies, which are able to travel even further than sub-6GHz and mmWave radio signals, but with noticeably slower data speeds.
Picture each of the radio frequency bands above as a separate highway for cars full of data. On 4G networks, each user’s phone may receive data in small 20MHz chunks akin to one car on a single highway lane. New 5G networks let devices receive data in 100MHz or 200MHz chunks, akin to five to ten cars linked together, with ultra-wide 800MHz highways to accommodate more cars at once.
Above: Vodacom points out its 5G network’s current 706Mbps download speed and 9-millisecond latency.
Put simply, the quantity of data sent or received in a second, as commonly measured in Mbps or Gbps.
Megabits per second, the nearly universal measure of wireless network speed until now. While 4G networks today deliver under 30Mbps average download speeds — with peaks of 150Mbps in some areas — 5G networks are expected to start at 300Mbps, with typical speeds in the 600 to 800Mbps range.
Gigabits per second, or 1,000 megabits per second. Early 5G networks are promising peak speeds between 1 and 6Gbps, which is to say roughly 10 times the best speeds of current 4G networks, though the actual line is blurrier than that.
Note that a lower-case “b” refers to bits, while an upper-case “B” refers to bytes. There are eight bits in a byte. For marketing reasons, data speeds these days are generally measured in “bits,” even though file sizes are measured in bytes, which confusingly means that a 10MB file will take 8 seconds to transfer at a data rate of 10Mb per second.
A network’s responsiveness to user requests, as measured in milliseconds (ms). 4G networks typically have 20-70ms of latency, roughly one-half or one-third the latency of 3G networks. 5G networks hope to achieve human-imperceptible single-digit latency (in the sub-10ms to sub-1ms range), with the specific latency rate depending on the connected device application.
One thousandth of a second. Abbreviated “ms.”
Above: Qualcomm president Cristiano Amon addresses media and analysts at 5G Day on February 7, 2018, spotlighting the company’s dynamic radio tuning hardware.
Think of the FM radio in a car, and a single channel like “88.1.” If your radio tunes the channel perfectly, it can pick up a single, clear audio signal — let’s say it’s just a voice, singing a song. Carrier aggregation enables a radio to simultaneously tune the equivalent of 88.1, 88.2, and 88.3 at once, overlapping the voice channel with a guitar channel and a drum channel in something known as “channel bonding.” 5G supports aggregation of up to 16 channels at once, including mixes of separate 4G and 5G frequencies.
Multiple-input, multiple-output antenna systems coordinate two or four antennas at a time to simultaneously send data over the same radio channel, increasing data speeds. A phone might have a 4×2 MIMO system with 4 receiving (downloading) antennas and 2 transmitting (uploading) antennas, with up to an 8×8 array for 5G. To address multiple customers at once, new cell towers will include “massive” 128-antenna arrays with 64 receiving and 64 transmitting antennas.
Though the phrase “Quadrature Amplitude Modulation” doesn’t roll off the tongue, QAM is a technology that packs additional data signals into radio waves, enabling each wave to send multiple blocks of data simultaneously. Rather than dividing each radio wave into 16 data points (16-QAM), 5G starts by packing even more data into the same wave using 64-QAM or 256-QAM. Even higher QAMs are already possible.
Above: IBM’s 7-nanometer chip has circuits that are 1,400 times smaller than a human hair.
A nanometer is one billionth of a meter, or one millionth of a millimeter. When making chips, the smaller the nanometer manufacturing process, the smaller the key components (transistors) can be, enabling chips to pack more components into tinier housings. Early semiconductors used a 10 
 process, which was 1,000 times larger than the 10 
 process used in early 5G chips.
Early 5G chips have been built on the 10-nanometer process, which was considered to be state-of-the-art in 2017 but is currently giving way to a smaller 7-nanometer process.
As of late 2018, this is the current state of the art in tiny chip manufacturing, with only one foundry (TSMC) capable of mass-manufacturing chips; Samsung will soon catch up. 5G modem chips built with this process should run cooler and with less power consumption than 10-nanometer equivalents.
At first, 5G will most commonly be used for “enhanced mobile broadband,” specifically higher data bandwidth with improved but not peak latency (faster responsiveness) compared with 4G. 5G bandwidth will eventually get up to 20Gbps, with a guaranteed minimum of 100Mbps, and 5G networks will support 10,000 times the traffic of 4G networks.
5G is also designed to support Massive Machine Type Communications, a way to bring billions of tiny connected devices and sensors online. The 5G standard supports an insane density of up to 200,000 sensors in a 1 million square kilometer area, with long range, low data rate radio signaling that can deliver 10-year battery life.
Pushing 5G for purposes beyond 4G, the Ultra Reliable Low Latency Communications specification is designed for specific 5G use cases such as full car automation, factory automation, and remote-controlled surgery where reliability and responsiveness are mandatory. A 5G network will respond to URLLC requests by delivering data so quickly and reliably that responsiveness will be imperceptibly fast — 5ms end-to-end latency — and transmission errors will be lower than 1 packet loss in 100,000 packets. But bandwidth will be limited to under 10Mbps.
Many proponents of 5G have said that it will bring about a “fourth industrial revolution,” following three prior major steps forward for production:
As everything above suggests, “5G” isn’t a simple, fixed concept, but rather a large collection of ideas designed to improve over time. Just like 4G, where users saw speed and other benefits from updating phones every couple of years, 5G will go through a similar evolution over the next decade — and then, most likely, become the support system for 
. If all goes to plan, phones will only be a fraction of 5G devices: In the foreseeable future, virtually everything will be wirelessly connected.
If you’ve read everything above, you’ll be well along the path to understanding the vast potential of 5G, as well as some of the key areas where it’s likely to face challenges over the next year or two of early rollouts. Stay tuned to VentureBeat for the latest 5G developments, as we’ll be reporting on them as they happen.
      The new funding will help Tigera accelerate its growth with the rapid       enterprise adoption of Kubernetes    
  
SAN FRANCISCO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 12, 2018–
      Tigera, an enterprise software company providing security and compliance       solutions for Kubernetes platforms, today announced the closing of its       Series B funding round of $30 million led by Insight Venture Partners,       with participation from existing investors Madrona, NEA, and Wing.       Tigera plans to use the new funding to accelerate growth to meet the       growing demand of its Kubernetes security and compliance solution at a       critical time as Kubernetes gains traction in the enterprise.    
      “Kubernetes is gaining momentum within every progressive enterprise,”       said Ratan Tipirneni, president and CEO of Tigera. “These businesses       cannot get their applications to production without strong security       controls and the ability to prove compliance. As a result, we are being       pulled into several hundred projects and will use this funding to meet       that demand.”    
      Modern microservices based architectures are built using containers and       orchestrated using Kubernetes and present a unique challenge for legacy       security and compliance solutions since these new workloads are highly       dynamic and ephemeral. This new architecture creates an explosion of       internal, or east-west traffic that must be evaluated and secured by the       network and security operations teams. These teams have traditionally       used firewalls to secure network traffic – which works well to defend       against external attacks but aren’t effective in handling threats from       the inside. Additionally, given the highly dynamic nature of these       workloads, traditional audit based compliance models break down and a       Continuous Compliance model is required.    
      Tigera Secure Enterprise Edition (TSEE) secures Kubernetes environments       and ensures continuous compliance using a declarative model similar to       Kubernetes. Under the hood, TSEE authenticates all service-to-service       communication using multiple sources of identity, authorizes each       service based on multi-factor rules, encrypts network traffic, and       enforces security policies at the edge of the host, pod, and container       within the infrastructure for a defense in depth security model. All       connection details are logged in a compliance-ready format that is also       used for incident management and security forensic analysis.    
      Tigera is the leader in Kubernetes security and compliance. Their       software has become ubiquitous within the Kubernetes ecosystem and is       being used by large enterprises that have adopted Kubernetes. Their       software has been OEMed by Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, Google       Cloud, and IBM Cloud to run their managed Kubernetes Services; as well       as commercial Kubernetes distributions including Docker, Red Hat Open       Shift, and Canonical. Their blend of cloud and on-premises solutions       enable interoperability of security policies between multiple clouds and       on-premises environments which prevents cloud lock-in for Enterprises.    
      “Tigera is uniquely positioned in the security market as a vast majority       of enterprises have chosen to use the open source platform Kubernetes,”       said Jeff Horing, co-founder and managing director of Insight Venture       Partners. “The market is growing rapidly both with the adoption of       Kubernetes and also with enterprises now ready to go to production – and       security and compliance are top of mind. We welcome Tigera to our       portfolio and look forward to helping them scale their business.”    
      
    
      Tigera provides Zero Trust network security and continuous compliance       for Kubernetes platforms. Tigera Secure Enterprise Edition extends       enterprise security and compliance controls to Kubernetes environments       with support for on-premises, multi-cloud, and legacy environments.       Tigera Secure Cloud Edition is available on the AWS marketplace and       enables fine-grained security and compliance controls for Kubernetes on       AWS and Amazon EKS. Tigera powers all of the major Hosted Kubernetes       environments including Amazon EKS, Azure AKS, Google GKE, and IBM       Container Service. Tigera is also integrated with the major on-premises       Kubernetes deployments and is shipped “batteries included” in Docker EE       and fully integrated with Red Hat OpenShift. Visit us at 
       or follow us on Twitter @tigeraio    
      
    
      Insight Venture Partners is a leading global venture capital and private       equity firm investing in high-growth technology and software companies       that are driving transformative change in their industries. Founded in       1995, Insight currently has over $20 billion of assets under management       and has cumulatively invested in more than 300 companies worldwide. Our       mission is to find, fund, and work successfully with visionary       executives, providing them with practical, hands-on growth expertise to       foster long-term success. Across our people and our portfolio, we       encourage a culture around a core belief: growth equals opportunity. For       more information on Insight and all its investments, visit 
       or follow us on Twitter @insightpartners.    
      Andy Wright
(415)       361-3594    
      Scott Samson
(415)       781-9005    
U.K.-based startup 
 wants to automate laboratory processes with a programming language designed for biological experiments, and it’s getting the financial backing to do it.
The company today announced that it’s raised $25.6 million in a series B funding round led by Horizons Ventures, with participation from Luminous Ventures, SOSV, and individual investors. It follows a $9.6 million series A raise in September 2017, bringing Synthace’s total venture capital haul to $35.2 million.
The proceeds will be used to drive product development and expand the company’s customer base, CEO Tim Fell said.
“Digital-to-physical workflows have transformed the semiconductor, aerospace, automobile, and many other industries,” he said. “Now it is the turn of the biotechnology industry, and we are grateful for the support of Horizons Ventures and our other new investment partners who share Synthace’s vision of how to facilitate that change.”
Synthace’s bread and butter is an operating system — Antha — that’s tailor-made for the processes regularly undertaken by biologists, lab instrumentation manufacturers, reagent and consumable suppliers, and bio-design developers. It’s intended to make achieving reproducible experimental designs simpler by automatically noting temperature, reagents, timing, and other data, and providing a way to edit and share the recorded workflows.
Antha’s drag-and-drop visual dashboard provides access to a collection of preconfigured lab hardware and equipment profiles, in addition to simulation and error-checking features that allow customers to consider hundreds of variables simultaneously in optimizing their designs. And it integrates with a number of third-party software and services including Microsoft’s Azure, GitLab, Google Cloud, Tableau, and Spotfire.
Above: Synthace’s dashboard.
“It is simply not good enough that it takes 13 years to develop a new crop trait or $2.6 billion to bring a drug to market,” Fell said. “The pharma industry has a negative productivity curve stretching back 60 years. Meanwhile, the semiconductor industry has been marching to the beat of Moore’s law. Biotechnology desperately needs to move forward, and we know from other industries software driven design, development, and manufacture is crucial to that transition.”
Synthace appears to be leading the charge. Since its founding in 2011 and the launch of its minimum viable product (MVP) in 2016, the startup has signed on Dow AgroSciences, Merck & Co, GSK, and Fujifilm Diosynth as customers, and launched a partnership with Cambridge Consultants in April to help onboard new clients.
It’s picked up accolades along the way. In 2016, the 
 included Synthace in its selection of the world’s 30 most promising Technology Pioneers, a list of early-stage companies poised to (in WEF’s words) “have a significant impact on business and society.” And this summer, Gartner awarded it a Cool Vendor distinction in the Life Sciences category.
“We are at a pivotal point in the development and use of biotechnology,” Horizons Ventures’ Patrick Zhang said. “We believe that Synthace will lead the industry’s transition to Computer 
 Biology, owing to its truly disruptive and cutting-edge technology. We look forward to working with the team on this next exciting stage of Synthace’s development.”
Sony announced today that sales for 
 have passed the 2 million mark.
The narrative-driven sci-fi game came out on May 25 as a PlayStation 4 exclusive. While it is not as high-profile a release as others this year — notably 
 and 
 — Detroit is still a success.
We are thrilled to share that Detroit: Become Human has sold through more than 2 million units worldwide on PlayStation 4 since its launch on May 25, 2018. Congratulations, 
! 
— PlayStation (@PlayStation) 
This is the third Sony exclusive from David Cage’s Quantic Dreams studio. Heavy Rain launches for the PlayStation 3 in 2010. By 2013, it had sold over 3 million copies. Beyond: Two Souls followed in 2013. It has sold 2.8 million copies.
Become Human focuses on a story about androids, told across multiple point-of-view characters. Players choices through dialogue and actions impact the direction of the narrative. 
 praised its believable characters and strong acting.
In September 2017, 
 accidentally enabled players on Xbox One and PlayStation 4 to play 
 together. At that time, the developer noted that turning on its cross-platform support was as easy as flipping a switch. Now, Epic wants to provide that technology to other developers.
Beginning in 2019, the studio plans to launch its cross-platform online services toolkit for free. This enables developers to run parties, matchmaking, voice chat, and more that work across PC, Mac, Xbox One, PlayStation 4, Nintendo Switch, iOS, and Android. It also works as a plugin with both Epic’s own Unreal Engine and the popular Unity software-development kit.
“Successfully launching and operating a live, online game requires a suite of services that go far beyond the functionality of a traditional game engine,” 
. “These services are expensive to build, test, and harden in real-world conditions, but once operational, are relatively inexpensive to scale to more games and more users. At Epic, our goal is to help game developers succeed.”
The key here is that Epic wants to help developers succeed independent from platform gatekeepers like Sony’s PlayStation, Microsoft’s Xbox, or Valve’s Steam. Epic built these tools for Fortnite, which is like a platform unto itself with 200 million players across seven distinct devices. If Epic can help more developers turn their games into similar platforms, it could weaken the appeal of platforms like Xbox Live. At the same time, it fully integrates with those services as well.
Epic is going to launch an early version of its cross-platform SDK in the first half of 2019. Then, throughout the year, it plans to add new features. Here’s what developers can expect:
In Q2, Epic plans to add platform-agnostic cloud saves to its toolkit. This would enable players to start a game on their console and pick it up on a phone.
In Q2 or Q3, Epic is adding support for creating a game-specific login. This provides developers a way to track players across platforms. That enables platform-independent friends lists, profiles, and more. It also provides studios with a way of seeing whether you purchased a digital item on one platform and should have access to it on another. Finally, this also enables tracking of achievements and trophies — although that specific feature could come after logins.
Epic says it is building a new in-game voice-chat tool. It will work across all platforms and game engines for free. But it is not coming until at least Q3 2019.
In Q3 or Q4 2019, Epic will add the option to run parties and matchmaking. This frees up developers from using the built-in parties and matchmaking on something like Xbox Live or Steam.
Finally, Epic is also pointing to Fortnite as to what to expect from its cross-platform services.
“As you can see from our game and engine efforts, we’re also working on further support for user-generated content, enhanced social features, anti-cheat, and more,” reads the Epic blog. “Besides these existing account and service integrations, we’re eager to work with partners on further efforts to connect accounts, gaming services, and cloud services for a more seamless experience.”
Finally bringing their extended legal battle over Oculus virtual reality technologies to a close, Facebook and ZeniMax confirmed today that they have settled their 
 for an undisclosed amount — a result that left them “pleased” and “fully satisfied,” respectively. First reported by 
, the settlement ends over four years of posturing and appeals that ensnared not only the companies but several of their key employees during the earliest days of VR commercialization.
Best known for its game studios Bethesda and id Software, ZeniMax claimed that former employee John Carmack had used copyrighted ZeniMax code to develop the Rift VR headset. It also said that Oculus founders Palmer Luckey and Brendan Iribe had misused ZeniMax trade secrets and trademarks in Oculus development and marketing, dragging all of the individuals into the lawsuit along with Oculus’ parent company, Facebook.
Though Carmack, Luckey, Iribe, and Facebook strongly disputed the accusations, ZeniMax won a 
 in February 2017, including damages for copyright infringement, violation of a non-disclosure agreement, and trademark claims. After a year-long appeal, a judge 
, removing damages for trademark claims and effectively letting Facebook’s employees off the hook.
The remaining $250 million judgment was based on copyright and trade secret violations, and it hung over Facebook for six months until today’s settlement, which came amid another appeal. Though the terms of the settlement aren’t public, they likely involved Facebook paying ZeniMax a further reduced amount in exchange for concluding the case.
Payday aside, there was little incentive for the companies to continue their fight, which initially seemed to be as much about star employee Carmack jumping ship and deep-pocketed Facebook buying Oculus as anything else. In recent years, ZeniMax’s Bethesda studio has released some of the most popular VR games, including 
, all without Carmack’s involvement.
In a statement, ZeniMax CEO Robert Altman said that the company is “pleased that a settlement has been reached and are fully satisfied by the outcome.” Facebook said that it is pleased to be moving on, though most of its responsible employees have already done so: 
 and 
 both left Facebook for separate reasons before the case was settled. John Carmack, however, has remained at the company.
Microsoft today 
 a new web analytics product in beta. 
 is designed to help developers understand user behavior at scale, including why users struggle, where they run into issues, and why they abandon a website.
The web analytics space has seen quite a bit of movement over the past two years. Google Optimize 360, the company’s A/B testing tool, launched 
. The suite includes a free version, Google Optimize, while Optimizely, the previous leader in web analytics, 
.
Microsoft wanted to offer its own take at A/B experimentation, noting that “while A/B experiments allow developers to see when their key metrics are moving, the primary drawback is the lack of visibility into why the metrics moved in any given direction.” Clarity’s main differentiator is a feature called Session Replay, which lets developers view a user’s page impression including interactions such as mouse movement, touch gestures, click events, and so on.
Microsoft says the Bing team uses Clarity to delve into sessions that saw negative customer satisfaction and determine what went wrong. In a few cases, the team figured out that poor user experience was due to malware installed on the end user’s machine that was hijacking the page and inserting bad content.
Clarity requires a small piece of JavaScript added to the HTML webpage (desktop or mobile) so it can listen to browser events and instruments layout changes, network requests, and user interactions. The instrumentation data is then uploaded to the Clarity server running on Microsoft Azure. Over on 
, Microsoft has open-sourced the JavaScript library that instruments pages.
Session Replay is probably enough to pique a web developer’s curiosity, but Microsoft’s plans for Clarity are even more interesting. Literally called “Interesting sessions,” this feature will use Clarity’s AI and machine learning capabilities to help web developers review user sessions with abnormal click or scroll behavior, session length, JavaScript errors, and so on. The idea is to have developers spend less time and gain more insight into their users by having Clarity show them the most relevant sessions.
Also in the pipeline are related sessions and heatmaps. The former will group similar sessions based on a single session, helping developers understand the scope of a specific user behavior and find other occurrences for the same user as well as other users. The latter will provide a view into user behavior at an aggregate level through click/touch heatmaps (user interactions across a page) and scroll heatmaps (how far users scroll on a page).
So far, Clarity sounds like a good alternative to Google Optimize, assuming Microsoft prices it competitively. The company didn’t share a timeline for when it expects Clarity to be released out of beta. In its current status, after you create a new project, you will be added to a waitlist. You will need to be approved before you can get the JavaScript code and use the Clarity dashboard to start replaying user sessions.
, Anki’s playful robot companion, will soon speak Alexa’s language. The San Francisco startup today announced that that integration with Amazon’s assistant will arrive in an update slated for Monday, December 17, alongside other new “interactive experiences.”
Alexa on Vector is triggered with a voice command — “Alexa” — that queues up the assistant for requests. It affords access to the full range of Alexa’s capabilities, including compatibility with 20,000 smart home devices and the more than 50,000 third-party apps in the Alexa Skills Store — in addition, of course, to things like reminders, search queries, shopping list additions, and song requests.
As for the aforementioned experiences, here’s what’s coming down the pipeline:
Vector’s big upgrade comes shortly after an 
 that introduced “hundreds” of new animations, responses to voice feedback, sound effects, bug fixes, and performance enhancements.
In related news, Anki this week launched a Python-based software development kit (SDK) for Vector that exposes the robot’s bevy of sensors, screen, animations, and motors to budding roboticists. It’s in alpha following a pre-alpha that was made exclusively available to customers who preordered Vector on Kickstarter, and works with thousands of freely available third-party libraries.
“Because [Vector] is cloud-connected, [he’s] always learning and improving, with new features and ways for you to engage with him,” Meghan McDowell, director of program management at Anki, wrote in an earlier blog post. “We are truly committed to making Vector the most engaging and entertaining robot you’ve ever interacted with.”
More than a million people are diagnosed with prostate cancer each year, and in the U.S., approximately one in nine men will develop prostate cancer in their lifetime, according to the 
. Unfortunately, it tends to be problematic from a treatment perspective — it’s frequently non-aggressive, making it difficult to determine which, if any, procedures might be necessary.
Encouragingly, an international team of European researchers from the University of Copenhagen, the European Molecular Biology Laboratory in Heidelberg, and other leading institutions have made progress in developing a computer model that can differentiate between aggressive and non-aggressive prostate cancer cases based on certain genes. They describe their 
 — which is currently being implemented in an unnamed clinic in Germany — in the December 10 edition of the journal 
.
“If we have a patient with a particular set of [genetic] mutations, we can use the model to predict the most likely next mutation that the patient will experience at some point — and how it will affect the patient’s clinical situation. As an illustration, we can predict with some probability that if you have mutation A, you are likely to get mutation B before you get C,” group leader and study coauthor Joachim Weischenfeldt said in a statement. “We can also predict if the next mutation is likely to change the clinical outcome of the disease.”
To train the algorithm, the team collected patient data from 300 men with early-onset prostate cancer — prostate cancer affecting those under the age of 55 — who’d had their entire cancer genome sequenced. (Tumors in their infancy are easier to analyze, the researchers said, and give a clearer picture of the first several mutations and alterations.)
In the course of training, the model identified a mutational mechanism involving APOBEC, an enzyme that the researchers hypothesize might trigger tumor growth. It also surfaced a novel oncogene — a gene that can transform a cell into a tumor cell — called ESRP1, which the researchers believe could be used as a new biomarker to detect whether a patient will have aggressive prostate cancer.
“We hypothesise that this enzyme mutates the prostate cells at a low but constant rate. Each time the cell divides, APOBEC is likely to cause mutations. If you have early-onset prostate cancer, you may have a couple of mutations caused by APOBEC. Twenty years later, you may have 10-20 mutations,” coauthor Jan O. Korbel said.
The results come about a month after Google AI, the artificial intelligence (AI) research division at Google, detailed in a 
 a model that uses the Gleason score — a grading system that classifies cancer cells based on how closely they resemble normal prostate glands — to detect problematic masses in patient samples. In testing, Google AI’s system achieved an overall accuracy of 70 percent, beating the 61 percent achieved by the U.S. board-certified pathologists who participated in the study.
Nvidia has set six new records for how fast an AI model can be trained using a predetermined group of datasets.
 is a benchmark suite of tests created by prominent companies in the space to standardize and provide guidelines for how to measure AI training and inference speed. MLPerf is often used to share the speed of commercially available cloud computing services, mobile devices, or hardware in server hardware stacks.
Companies who contributed to the creation of MLPerf include Google, Nvidia, Baidu, and supercomputer maker Cray.
Above: MLPerf supporter organizations
Nvidia set records for image classification with ResNet-50 version 1.5 on the ImageNet dataset, object instance segmentation, object detection, non-recurrent translation, recurrent translation, and recommendation systems.
“For all of these benchmarks we outperformed the competition by up to 4.7x faster,” Nvidia VP and general manager of accelerated computing Ian Buck said in a conference call with reporters. “There are certainly faster DGX-2 ResNet-50 renditions out there, but none under MLPerf benchmark guidelines.”
The feat was achieved 
, using NVSwitch interconnectors to work with up to 16 fully connected 
, which was first unveiled in spring 2017. Nvidia submitted and was judged in the single node category with 16 GPUs, as well as distributed training with 16 GPUs to 80 nodes with 640 GPUs.
With a single node, Nvidia was able to train with ResNet-50 in 70 minutes. With distributed training, Nvidia was able to train with ResNet-50 in 6.3 minutes. By comparison, it would have taken 25 days for a single CUDA GPU to train with ResNet-50 in 2015.
The 
 has played a major role in the emergence of AI as an influential force in technology, business, and society in recent years.
Vertical farming company 
 today announced the close of a $90 million funding round. The round was led by GV (formerly Google Ventures) with participation from Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi.
Bowery has opened two growing facilities near its headquarters in the New York area since the company began operations in February 2017.  The funding announced today will be used to open new facilities in additional not-yet-named cities by the end of 2019 and to support advances in company tech and innovation.
Bowery produces pesticide-free produce that is used at Whole Foods, New York City restaurants, and Sweetgreen, a vegetarian franchise restaurant that closed a 
.
Above: Bowery vertical farm racks
With global populations rising and more people living in cities 
, indoor farming has risen in popularity. The onset of climate change has also inspired companies like Bowery and others in cities like New York and Tokyo to explore growing food in or near urban centers to ensure a low carbon footprint.
The BoweryOS operating system uses computer vision and machine learning to monitor plant growth.
By applying machine learning algorithms to millions of points of data collected by a network of sensors and cameras, BoweryOS can make automatic adjustments to environmental conditions to improve crop quality, health, and yield, a company spokesperson told VentureBeat in an email.
Interest in the use of AI to improve results for indoor farming is growing.
 recently completed a competition in greenhouses in the Netherlands, using AI systems to control variables like water or sunlight levels to grow cucumbers.
The $90 million funding round led by GV had participation from First Round Capital, General Catalyst, GGV Capital, and Temasek. In June 2017 Bowery raised a $27.5 million funding round, also with participation from GV. The close of funding today brings the total amount raised by the company to $117.5 million.
Russian developer 
 on Era of Legends (MT4 in China), the fourth part of its free-to-play online mobile role-playing series that it claims makes $2 million a day. The studio and publisher are targeting MMO-loving millennials while also courting a more casual audience of older players. Tencent will distribute in China.
It’s an open-world game that’ll release in English after coming out in Chinese first. And that makes sense for the Moscow-based 101XP because while mobile games are more than a $70 billion market this year, China is an almost $38 billion gaming market on its own, and mobile, Newzoo says, makes up $23 billion of this.
Era of Legends takes place in the realm of Eminnor, and you’re out to stop the forces of evil from freeing a dragon god. Along the way, you encounter fierce monsters that 101XP claims use “unique tactics.” You’ll have eight characters classes to choose from, with three professions to unlock and skill tress. It promises you’ll have lots to do besides combat, like long flights on your mount while exploring the open world (it’s 10,000 square meters), crafting, personal combat demons (think like a pet, but with teeth), and switching between the standard and chibi-style character appearances. It’ll have player-vs.-player (PVP) and player-vs.-environment (PVE, where you just play against the game’s zones, story, and other challenges, not players).
It’ll also have a guild system, clan wars, crafting, and achievements. Players will be able to go on raids and take on epic dungeons.
101XP has a 170 people and has been around for nine years. A studio spokesperson said it’s published more than 100 games, with many of them being browser releases. It’s works on PC, console, and mobile games as well. Many of these games debuted in Russia and the Commonwealth of Independent States.
.
Almost half of businesses have adopted some form of artificial intelligence (AI) and 43 percent of corporate “decision makers” see it as having a significant impact on their bottom lines. That’s according to market research firm Tata Communications, which today published 
, a bi-annual survey of 1,600 employees from organizations with over 250 employees that aims to assess the “power and potential” of technology in the global economy. It’s the second study of its kind since the inaugural report in October, and it drew on responses from Germany, France, U.K., Hong Kong, Singapore, India, UAE, Saudi Arabia, U.S., and Canada.
Adoption of AI appears to be accelerating, if the survey’s results are any indication. Roughly 46 percent of those surveyed said their organization had adopted AI, with sales, marking, and customer service departments making significantly more headway than finance, HR, and legal departments.
That disagrees with a PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) 
 published in November, which found that among technology executives in 60 countries, only 4 percent had successfully implemented AI.
One of the Tata survey’s more interesting findings was divergent views between employees at Eastern and Western corporations. About 29 percent of German and U.K. executives said they saw AI as having “little” or “negative” impact on innovation, for example, while 95 percent in India thought it had a “significant” or “slightly positive” impact.
Universally, however, respondents said they had experienced challenges in implementing AI within their organizations. About 38 percent and 36 percent in North America and India, respectively, said they ran into unspecified security issues. And collectively, they cited security (43 percent) and privacy (37 percent) as key barriers to adoption, second only to a lack of appropriate skills (30 percent) and understanding among employees about the technologies being adopted (28 percent).
Despite those hurdles and concerns, 72 percent of all respondents said they thought that AI might have a positive societal impact that goes beyond their business. That’s in alignment with Deloitte’s second State of the Enterprise 
 released this fall, in which 42 percent of executives said they believed that AI would be of “critical importance” within two years.
The optimism isn’t too surprising. By 
, the enterprise AI market will be worth $6.14 billion by 2022. And according to the 
, labor market shifts will result in a 1.2 percent increase in gross domestic product growth (GDP) for the next 10 years and help capture an additional 20 to 25 percent in net economic benefits — $13 trillion globally — in the next 12 years.
“Despite scaremongering by some that humans and robots can’t co-exist, our study clearly demonstrates that business leaders are focused on the positive impact of technology innovation,” Srinivasan CR, chief digital officer at Tata Communications, said. “And, while the AI hype machine may be rumbling into overdrive, it seems that currently businesses rate both IoT and predictive analytics as bigger drivers of digital transformation than the emerging uses of AI we hear so much about.”
For some time, many industries have been conservative in their approach to deployment automation, or any automation in general, including moving to the cloud, says Bhavani Yellapragada, AVP of DevOps at NASDAQ. In some instances, customers weren’t just opposed to the whole concept of moving to the cloud — they were very apprehensive about rapid change, she explains, until very recently.
“For the past few years, people are beginning to realize that cloud does not necessarily mean a lack of security,” she says. “Traditionally, agility and security and risk were all decoupled. People thought that if you moved too fast, you were risking something. People now find that security, agility, and change can all coexist.”
But while it’s never the perfect time to switch, if you wait for all stars to align, unless you think you’re going to do a complete overhaul of your product road map, you should be able to move to hyperconverged infrastructure immediately. There will be, of course, more tactical decisions around commitments you’ve made to your customers, or for instance a quarterly release cycle that you don’t want to interrupt. But the faster you move away from error-prone manual ways of doing things, the better you are.
“Even if there is some cost to change, it’s still better than making mistakes today,” she says. “But you know for a fact that if you go the manual route, you’re making mistakes now. I would not hedge bets on something that’s only speculative, as opposed to a hard fact that I know — that automation is the only way to scale, the only way to get consistent predictable results.”
And of course, 
 on top of that, he adds, as not only a cost saver, but for automation of infrastructure provisioning.
“I press a button, I get a fresh environment, and it also means I have the capability to kill the old environment,” Yellapragada says. “And you also gain the ability to quickly support surge traffic. The only way to scale is virtualization.”
Most companies have had virtualization in place for quite a while, but if you’re now moving to HCI, you need to make sure those two integrate, because otherwise it would be too cost-prohibitive.
You need to know two things, she says: One is how easy it is for the solution to lend itself to extension and customization. The second is how easy it is to ramp up on that solution, and how easy it is to integrate with your existing tool set.
Additionally, a number of features are essential when choosing a new application, Yellapragada says.
“If you talk to anybody in my role, or who’s in DevOps, they’ll tell you the three things that are most important to them,” she says. “Agility: how fast can you set it up? Security: does it comply with the infosec [information security] guidelines we have? And the third is consistency: is it the same across all environments?”
But very basically speaking, she says, a tool is a tool. It comes out of the box more as a general purpose solution, which you then customize for your needs and your environment, whether it’s the cloud or a data center.
“One of the first guidelines for choosing any tool is, will I be able to use it, say, with any cloud provider?” she says. “The main cloud provider a couple of years ago would have been AWS. So am I able to use the same tool both in AWS and in our own data centers?”
Another consideration is customization, which involves some scripting language – so what is the necessary scripting language? Is it a more modern language? The third consideration is potentially the most important of them all: is the solution you’re choosing extensible?
“I know what I know now of my infrastructure needs,” she says. “But a true strategic leader will never pick a solution which fits the needs of today. These tools all scale, but extensibility is key.”
Scale also figures into cost considerations, particularly license structure, and you need to project how easy it is to upgrade.
For instance, if you choose a license that’s sold per server, and tomorrow you acquire four more companies in different geographic locations, each with their own data centers, she says, you have a problem — now you have to buy four more single-server licenses. Instead you want to look for something like an enterprise license, with an initial flat fee for a set number of servers, and additional flat fees for extending the number of servers.
“If you’re speaking very realistically, cost underlies everything,” she says. “It’s not about how much it costs now, but tomorrow, what would it cost me to make a change?”
The tactical decision then is governed by immediate cost. But the strategic decision is looking at the long term, Yellapragada says, and it depends on two things: vendor lock-in, and what it would cost to make a change.
For instance, Amazon’s AWS was king for a long time, and Microsoft’s Azure and Google’s web services were nowhere in play two years ago. But last year, Microsoft caught up — and now each service comes with their own bells and whistles, which complicates every decision. If you pick a vendor that works with AWS, would that vendor also work with Microsoft? What if a vendor has picked a fight with a cloud service, or vice versa?
“At the end of the day, this space is evolving so much,” says Yellapragada. “In the DevOps space, you have to be sprinting just to maintain your status quo. If you stand and try to maintain the status quo, you’re gone.”
Don’t miss out!
, but folks in Japan continue playing — and spending — enough that it made more revenue than any other mobile game in the world. That’s according to Sensor Tower, at least.
The market research firm released its findings for the games with the most revenue and downloads for November, showing what’s strong and trending in the mobile gaming market, 
. That’s according to Newzoo, another firm that gathers intelligence on gaming markets.
These charts, like The NPD Group monthly sales report for console and PC games, doesn’t track every store. Sensor Tower can’t pull data on third-party Android sellers in China. But like the NPD report, it paints a good picture of what’s making money, what people are downloading, and other trends at the top of the market.
Let’s look at the charts, starting with the top 10 games by revenue.
Monster Strike beat out Honor of Kings and Fate/Grand Order to lead the November charts. Sensor Tower head of mobile insights Randy Nelson said that almost all of this revenue came from Japan and that their research doesn’t show any special events that created a spending surge.
“Yeah, it’s still going 
 strong. Nearly all of that spending was by users in Japan—99.5 percent. The remaining .5 percent is from Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Macau,” Nelson said. “You’ll probably remember that Mixi tried and failed to get the game to succeed outside Japan and ended up dropping support in the U.S. and elsewhere last August after closing the title in China during 2015.”
Honor of Kings is in the No. 2 slot. This counts most the revenue it made as Arena of Valor in the West (that’s it name outside China). “Honor of Kings made up 95 percent of last month’s revenue, however. So that’s just China, and only iOS in the case of our data. Arena of Valor in the U.S. accounted for only about .3 percent last month across both stores,” Nelson said.
The standout from this list, though, isn’t Monster Strike but Knives Out, NetEase’s battle royale. It came out in November 2017, and it did better than its better-known rivals, Fortnite and PUBG Mobile, which didn’t even appear in the top 10. “November was the first month that Knives Out ranked in the top 10 for overall revenue. It was No. 11 in October and has been climbing throughout 2018,” Nelson said.
Candy Crush Saga and Clash of Clans are in the bottom half of the top revenue earnings, but Nelson said this is no surprise. Candy Crush was No. 7 back in July as well, so he said this is “nothing new.” Last month, Clash of Clans wasn’t in the top 10 and has dropped out of the rankings in previous months.
The one missing name here is Clash Royale. Nelson said “Clash Royale has been on a steady decline in player spending. It ranked No. 13 last month and No. 12 in October. It was No. 8 in November 2017.”
Outfit7’s My Talking Tom 2 leads the overall download list. Turns out it’s pretty strong in South Asia. “My Talking Tom 2 is actually most popular in India so far. It made up the largest share, about 19 percent, of the game’s installs last month,” Nelson said. “So far, the game is much more popular internationally than in the U.S. Only about 8 percent of its downloads to date have come from players here.”
PUBG Mobile shows it has staying power, but remember, Fortnite is on Epic’s store and thus isn’t on these charts. Many of the games on the top downloads list are “hyper-casual” games that studios such as Voodoo specialize in.
.
The 
 is one of my favorite systems ever. After pioneering 3D gaming on the Nintendo 64 with games like 
 and 
, the GameCube refined those ideas and gave us many of the best Nintendo titles ever. Heck, many of my favorite games of all time are from the GameCube.
So, why am I bringing this system up now? Mat Piscatella, an analyst at The NPD Group, 
 a list of the GameCube’s 10 best-selling games ever in the U.S. The NPD Group mostly released a monthly list of the U.S.’s top performing hardware and software, but Piscatella has been having some fun looking through the sales of older consoles.
Let’s examine this list, which covers all GameCube game U.S. sales from the system’s launch on November 18, 2001 through October 2018.
With the recent release of 
, it’s important to remember the selling power this series has. The first Smash Bros. on the Nintendo 64 was basically a proof-of-concept when compared to Melee, which has more fighters, stages, and greater complexity. For many, it’s still their favorite in the franchise, and its competitive scene is alive today.
Mario Kart: Double Dash has a similar legacy. We’ve seen multiple Mario Kart games released since, but Double Dash remains a fan favorite. It stands out with its unique mechanic where each kart has two characters riding on it. No other Mario Kart game does this, which helps Double Dash remain interesting despite its age.
Above: Let those yellow sparks fly.
Double Dash is also emblematic of the Nintendo’s experimental mood at this time. It didn’t just make safe sequels to franchises. Look at the No. 3 and No. 4 games, Super Mario Sunshine and The Wind Waker. Mario and Zelda are the two most prolific Nintendo series, and both of their GameCube debuts feature big, bold ideas. Sunshine gave Mario a water gun backpack when everyone would have settled for a safe sequel to Super Mario 64. Wind Waker went with a striking cel-shaded look that still makes it one of the prettiest games ever made.
It’s amazing how this list could almost double as a Top 10 list based on quality. It’s also dominated by first-party Nintendo games. Sonic Adventure 2 Battle is the only third-party name on the list, and it benefited from intrigue (the idea of a Sonic game on a Nintendo system seemed crazy and novel at the time).
The list sums up the GameCube. It’s a system with incredible Nintendo games, many of the best ever (like Metroid Prime an Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door), but little third-party support. Nintendo was getting trounced by Sony’s PlayStation 2 at this time. The PS2 is the best-selling console of all time, moving about 155 million machines. The GameCube only sold 21.74 million.
That failure would make Nintendo try something innovative with the Wii. That GameCube successor became a hit. But despite its focus on motion controls, which seemed innovative for a time, I vastly prefer the GameCube and its library of classics.
Now if only Nintendo would hurry up and make these games available on my Switch. I’d also happily take a GameCube Classic mini-console while I’m being wishful.
In recent years, athletes in traditional sports leagues such as Major League Baseball, the National Basketball Association, and the National Football League have started utilizing wearable technologies capable of tracking previously unavailable biometric data. This data allows athletes and teams to better understand the athletes’ bodies and performance, which can improve their production and efficiency.
Due to the different skill sets needed for traditional sports compared to esports, impactful wearable technologies have yet to catch on in major North American esports leagues, such as Blizzard’s 
 and Riot’s North American League of Legends Championship Series. Expect this to charge in 2019, led by Australian company 
.
 has developed Edge, a new wearable headband for esports professionals. Edge tracks eye movement, heart rate, and cognitive patterns. HUMM’s platform uses metrics collected by Edge to analyze, in real time, the focus and stress levels of players and calculates the points during play sessions where players’ 
. HUMM also proclaims the headband will deliver electrical signals to a user’s frontal cortex to improve cognitive performance, such as concentration and learning new skills, via electrical signals that amplify brainwave patterns.
HUMM continues to work with numerous esports organizations to support increased athlete performance. Esports professionals who use Edge should expect to be better equipped to avoid burnout and enhance their cognitive performance. Though the use of wearable technology like Edge offers benefits for esports professionals, teams, and leagues, it is not without its drawbacks.
Burnout is, arguably, the biggest issue facing esports professionals. Unlike traditional sports athletes, who often play into their 30s and sometimes 40s, esports professionals are typically forced to retire in their early 20s. These short careers primarily are the result of demanding practice schedules and fierce competition for limited roster spots. Unlike athletes in traditional sports whose practice time is implicitly capped due to physical limitations, esports professionals conceivably can practice forever given that their sport does not require the same physical exertion. This pressure leads to teams like the Shanghai Dragons of the OWL to spend over 
 honing their craft.
Wearable technology, such as Edge, can help to solve this problem by allowing teams and players to monitor player fatigue and wellness effectively. Improving player wellness is a win-win situation for players and the esports teams, as healthier, well-rested players can be expected to perform better. Further, players can use data gleaned from wearable technologies to help manage stress and assess performance, and teams can use the data when scouting new talent and establishing training programs for their existing players. Ultimately, wearable technology can benefit the esports industry as a whole by prolonging player careers.
The emergence of wearable technologies in traditional sports leagues has been a net positive, but the intensely personal nature of the data that these technologies track also has led to privacy concerns. As wearables begin to infiltrate the esports industry, players, teams, and leagues must be aware of these concerns and be prepared to address them.
For example, in MLB and the NBA, some teams hope to have their players wear 
 not just while playing or practicing, but also while sleeping to make sure the players are practicing healthy sleep habits.  Though information such as this may be helpful for maximizing player performance, such around-the-clock monitoring might also be considered an invasion of privacy by an employer. Additionally, 
 have arisen in traditional sports leagues about whether the player or the team own the data gleaned by wearables. Thus, when using wearable technologies, esports teams must consider the privacy concerns of their players.
Most concerning is that teams could use the data from wearables to the detriment of players during contract negotiations. For example, if a team in a traditional sports league has data suggesting that players are not fully exerting themselves in practice or are especially prone to a long-term injury, they might use this data in an attempt to drive down the player’s value. Though the highest-paid esports pros earn significantly less than elite athletes in traditional sports leagues, esports pros should still be aware of this risk when considering whether to use wearable technologies.
As the esports industry continues to grow and embraces new wearable technologies, players, teams, leagues, and the professionals advising them must carefully consider the benefits and drawbacks of using wearables. If used correctly, wearable technologies can improve player performance and prolong careers, benefiting the industry as a whole.
Expect increased investment and attention to performance-enhancing wearable technology, most notably the 
 at the Consumer Technology Association’s prestigious CES annual event (with a focus on brain analytics and eye-tracking). Industry attention and investment in wearable technology and related analytics will result in increased partnerships between emerging technology companies and esports teams and leagues and disruption to the way esports athletes train and perform.
The narrative goes that in order to really build a successful rocket ship company, Heartland tech companies have to recruit some upper-level talent from other places — namely, Silicon Valley — that have worked for fast-growing startups before. But are companies overemphasizing the need to find talent with prior startup experience?
That’s the thesis of Robert Hatta, talent partner at Drive Capital. He thinks the Midwest is sitting on a “mother lode” of untapped startup talent, mostly tucked away in the region’s corporations. He recently created a 
 that attempts to measure whether a person will be a good fit for startup work, without looking at whether that person has prior startup experience.
Hatta said when he joined Drive Capital five years ago, he spent a good portion of his time trying to convince talent to ditch Silicon Valley for the Midwest.
“It’s worked, but it’s also a long sales cycle,” Hatta said. “Our companies are no different than those in Silicon Valley. We need the best people in the world to make these companies, and [people] assumed that the best people in the world aren’t here, and we’ve found that not to be true.”
Hatta said he realized this belief was misplaced after the CEOs of Columbus’ Root Insurance and Pittsburgh’s Duolingo — the two most valuable companies in Drive Capital’s portfolio — both said that many of their highest-performing employees had never worked at a startup or tech company before. This held true even for more technical roles, like engineers.
Hatta wanted to find a way to identify this hidden talent, so he began creating a test that could be used to attract interested talent to Drive’s portfolio companies. The test is 30 minutes long, and Hatta said that interviews are scheduled with participants who get above a certain score.
He stresses that it’s not a “scientifically rigorous experiment” and said he won’t be publishing his results in an academic journal. He developed the test with the help of a friend who holds a PhD in psychology and human behavior. Hatta said he doesn’t want to share too much about the test, as he doesn’t want people to try to game the results. But he added that, generally speaking, some of the core attributes of high performers identified by Root and Duolingo include the ability to learn quickly and to constantly redeploy themselves when faced with a new problem or dataset.
In the roughly one month since he posted the test online, Hatta said that about 75 people have taken it, and he’s started to schedule initial meetings with the high performers.
I think that a test like this is a good first attempt to widen the Heartland recruiting lens. Area workers who are curious but hesitant about applying for jobs because they don’t know much about startup culture gain a low-effort way to test the waters. The risk comes in taking the results of a test like this as canon — will some people who score poorly be discouraged from applying for startup jobs altogether?
And, as with any test, there’s the risk that it may be inadvertently biased against one group or another — Hatta acknowledged that in internal tests, people with dyslexia performed poorly, for example.
Do you think a test can truly identify startup fit? Send me your thoughts and feedback via 
.
Anna Hensel

Heartland Tech Reporter
Check out this video from CNBC, “
”
Instead of putting all their efforts into attracting giants like Amazon, cities in the Heartland need to double down on what makes them unique.
Weave has raised a total of $82.6 million from Lead Edge Capital, Bessemer Venture Partners, Pelion Venture Partners, Y Combinator, and others.
Amazon has said each HQ2 site will result in 25,000 jobs. Will the working-class benefit? Will Amazon train locals for future employment? 
Scott McCorkle used to be the chief executive of Salesforce’s Marketing Cloud division but he’s spent the last year quietly working on a new startup in the technology hub where he’s worked for over two decades: Indianapolis. 
Much of Foxconn’s journey to Wisconsin played out on the national stage, with President Trump and ousted Gov. Scott Walker touting the deal while critics attacked it as an example of extravagant corporate welfare. 
While we’re primarily focused on Minne’s innovation economy, we also have our eyes on all of the startup and tech activity happening throughout the entire Midwest. 
 
 
 
Even after a life on the internet, the hosts of the 
 podcast discovered this week that a picture of Sonic the Hedgehog could still disturb them. On this podcast, co-hosts Jeffrey Grubb (PC gaming editor) and Mike Minotti (reviews editor) discuss the horrifying man limbs on Paramount Pictures’ Sonic.
When not despairing at the unholy hedgehog, the GamesBeat Decides crew also talk about some December games. Mike discusses his review for Super Smash Bros. Ultimate. Surprise! He really likes it. Both guys are also enjoying PlayStation VR’s Astro Bot, and Jeff has a lot of nice things to say about Return of the Obra Dinn.
In the news, we run down the headlines from The Game Awards. That includes some new games, DLC for Smash, and the Epic Games Store.
Join us and enjoy:
This podcast is brought to you by the producers of 
.
There’s a reason why more and more Silicon Valley pros are putting small pieces of tape over the front-facing cameras on their laptops. Hackers are becoming increasingly adept at hacking into even relatively secure video feeds and stealing highly confidential and sensitive information from video chats.
It’s also possible for 
 without the knowledge of the user — meaning your every move can be recorded as you walk around your home or office.
This 
 ensures that you’ll never have to worry about these types of digital intrusions ever again, thanks to a wide array of security features that make this camera all but impenetrable to hackers and nefarious third parties. And right now it’s available for 65 percent off at just $38.25 when you use code 
 at checkout.
Unlike most external cameras that offer security at the expense of functionality and video quality, this iPM World cam offers it all — thanks to an HD lens that transmits crystal-clear video through an encrypted feed.
You’ll enjoy panoramic views and 360-degrees of uncompromising viewing potential, along with a variety of features that make for easy integration with several platforms, including your smartphone via an included WiFi client.
This cam even comes loaded with infrared night vision — meaning you’ll be able to use it as a 24/7 security camera in the home or office, and you’ll be able to rotate the camera’s direction from your phone in order to attain the perfect angle. You’ll also be able to place this camera discretely in any room in the home, thanks to its small and compact size.
Treat yourself to 360-degrees of HD streaming content without sacrificing your video’s security with an iPM World 360-Degree 1080p Wireless IP Camera for 
 — 65 percent off its usual price for a limited time.
(
) — Amazon.com on Wednesday opened a compact version of its cashier-less Amazon Go food stores, 
 in a move to add shops in places such as office lobbies and hospitals.
Located in one of the company’s Seattle offices, the eighth Amazon Go store is near the original and a quarter the size, at a mere 450 square feet. That is about the size of a New York City studio apartment. The new store is aimed at selling salads and snacks to office workers.
Like Amazon Go stores operating 
, 
, the new store has no checkout lanes. Customers scan their smartphones to enter, cameras monitor what they take from the shelves, and Amazon bills their credit card on file after they leave.
Selling food in physical stores is a key strategy by the world’s top online retailer to win more business from shoppers. Gianna Puerini, vice president of Amazon Go, said the tiny format could serve office lobbies, communal floors inside tall buildings and perhaps a hospital.
“We wanted something from a design perspective that would fit nicely into open spaces,” Puerini said in an interview. “You can bring it in pieces and assemble it on site.”
She provided no details on when or where Amazon would add other small stores. The new Seattle location, on the 6th floor of the city’s historic Macy’s building, is only open to Amazon employees and their guests.
Puerini declined to comment on a Reuters report from last week that 
. However, she said, “Airports have a lot of hungry people in a rush, so you never know.”
 launched the latest version of its 
 chip module, which is essentially a server on a chip that handles all of the AI processing, imaging, and other computing tasks for autonomous drones and robots.
The new Nvidia Jetson AGX Xavier module will be used in everything from delivery robots to inspection drones, said Deepu Talla, general manager of autonomous machines at Nvidia, speaking at an event at the company’s new headquarters in Santa Clara, California.
Nvidia now has five variations of the Jetson chips that it 
, and the newest one can deliver 32 trillion operations per second in performance. The modules use the latest Xavier chips, with massive artificial intelligence capabilities and 20 times the capability of earlier Jetson chips.
Above: Deepu Talla shows off Nvidia’s latest Jetson AGX Xavier module.
Nvidia is engaged with more than 200,000 developers in the Jetson ecosystem, about 5 times the number that it dealt with in the spring of 2017, Talla said.
Rob Csongor, vice president of autonomous machines, also said in an interview that there are applications for manufacturing robots that collaborate with humans, handheld DNA sequencers that help scientists save crops from disease, and video analytics machines that analyze 32 video streams at once.
“Delivery robots don’t have to travel at 80 miles per hour, but they need processing to map a path on a sidewalk, detecting people, dogs, fire hydrants, and more,” Csongor said.
Above: There’s more imaging performance in an Nvidia Jetson chip than a lot of desktop computers.
Prior models include the Jetson TX2 and TX1 family of products. At a Jetson meetup at Nvidia’s headquarters, there were a lot of machines with older Jetson chips in them. But Wayne Diamond, a sales manager at aerospace firm Curtiss-Wright, said it would be a trivial matter to upgrade to Xavier with the company’s modular computers for military uses, such as computer upgrades for fighter jets.
The Jetson AGX Xavier module delivers the performance of a workstation server in a computer that fits in the palm of your hand. And it consumes as little as 10 watts — about as much as a clock radio. It offloads the task of building computing smarts into a drone, allowing developers to focus on applications like delivering food to people.
The new module leverages Nvidia’s world-class AI platform, which is used for numerous AI applications. This includes a complete set of tools and workflows to help developers quickly train and deploy neural networks.
“What Nvidia announced and demonstrated today was a major milestone on a long line of work that was done and needs to be done to truly enable mainstream robotics,” said Patrick Moorhead, analyst at Moor Insights & Strategy, in an email. “My biggest takeaway was that intelligent robotics and smart vision systems are finally being commercially used and are no longer a science project. Each successive Jetson improvement brings more edge features and utility, and I am excited about the future.”
Above: The Jetson family
It supports applications developed with the JetPack and DeepStream software development kits. JetPack is Nvidia’s SDK for autonomous machines and includes support for AI, computer vision, multimedia, and more.
The DeepStream SDK for Jetson AGX Xavier enables streaming analytics, bringing AI to internet of things (IoT) and smart city applications. Developers can build multi-camera and multi-sensor applications to detect and identify objects of interest, such as vehicles, pedestrians, and cyclists.
These SDKs save developers and companies time and money while making it easy to add new features and functionality to machines to improve performance, Talla said.
Above: Jetson powers drones across a lot of sectors.
With this combination of new hardware and software, it’s now possible to deploy AI-powered robots, drones, intelligent video analytics applications, and other intelligent devices at scale.
The Jetson AGX Xavier is being used to handle DNA sequencing in real time for Oxford Nanopore, a U.K. medical technology startup.
“We’re using Jetson AGX Xavier for our MinIT hand-held AI supercomputer, which is used to perform real-time analyses with the MinION, a powerful handheld DNA sequencer,” said Gordon Sanghera, CEO of Oxford Nanopore, in a statement. “MinIT can be nearly 10 times more powerful than standard laptops and brings portable, real-time sequencing to more people in more locations.”
And Japan’s Denso, a global auto parts maker, believes Jetson AGX Xavier will be key to helping it introduce a new wave of efficiency to its auto parts manufacturing process.
Above: Nvidia has a lot of partners for its Jetson chips.
The Jetson AGX Xavier module brings accelerated computing capability to the Jetson family, which includes solutions at different performance levels and prices to suit a variety of autonomous robotic applications.
The Jetson TX2 embedded module for edge AI applications now comes in three versions: Jetson TX2, Jetson TX2i and the newly available, lower-cost Jetson TX2 4GB. Jetson TX1-based products can migrate to the more powerful Jetson TX2 4GB at the same price.
The Jetson AGX Xavier module is available today from distributors worldwide for $1,100 for quantities of 1,000 units or more. Nvidia has about 1,800 customers for Jetson so far.
Talla said the Jetson AGX Xavier can be used in devices that direct people where to park in large parking garages. Kiwibot was using older Jetson chips in a food delivery drone that carries food the last mile to people who order take-out from restaurants.
Above: This Jetson-based Aion Robotics robot could probably deliver a bomb or a pizza.
Nvidia’s ecosystems partners include dozens of companies across AI software and services, hardware, design services, and sensors. There are customers in robotics, virtual reality, health care, security, video analytics, and numerous other areas.
Nvidia has been launching its Jetson software every six months or so for the past few years, with versions now including Jetpack 4.1 and DeepStream 3.0. Nvidia leverages a lot of the same software efforts it undertakes for its other graphics and AI chips, such as CUDA, Ubuntu, and TensorRT software.
“This is what the industry requires from us,” Talla said.
As gifting season heats up, consoles have returned to TV in force. Although PlayStation is still far and away the biggest advertiser, both Nintendo and Xbox (who didn’t even make the leaderboard last month) are increasing their spends significantly to land on as many wish lists as possible.
GamesBeat has partnered with iSpot.tv, the real-time TV ad measurement company with attention and conversion analytics from more than eight million smart TVs, to bring you a monthly report on how gaming brands are spending. The results below are for the top five gaming industry brands in November, ranked by estimated national TV ad spend.
Gaming brands nearly doubled their budgets from the previous month, spending an estimated $102.3 million running 94 ads 22,420 times on national TV. In total, these airings generated 5.4 billion TV ad impressions, and potentially many placements on wish lists across the country.
PlayStation remained dominant throughout the start of the holiday season, spending an estimated $43.1 million running 10 ads on TV over 4,100 times. This spend generated nearly 1.7 billion ad impressions for the brand, with the biggest budget allotment dedicated to “Journey Ahead” ($11.8 million). The brand focused this spend on Fox, NBC, and ESPN, reaching viewers of NFL, college football, and viewer favorite 
.
Nintendo is once again in second place, chalking up nearly $20.4 million on 19 spots which ran over 7,500 times, resulting in almost 1.2 billion TV ad impressions. The largest share of the spend ($5.8 million), was on the latest edition to the Pokemon franchise, new Nintendo Switch games “Pokemon: Let’s Go, Pikachu! And Pokemon: Let’s Go, Eevee!” The brand took a holistic approach with these ads, prioritizing networks like Adult Swim, Nick, and Comedy Central, while airing during shows such as 
, 
, and 
.
Although missing entirely from last month’s list, Xbox has ramped up heavily as we roll into the holiday season. Spending over $17.1 million on five ads that ran nearly 4,000 times, Xbox generated 923.4 million TV ad impressions on the backs of networks like ESPN, Fox, and AMC. The console’s top ad ($8.3 million), “Official Launch Trailer,” celebrated the release of the latest addition to the Battlefield universe, Battlefield V. The brand prioritized down-the-middle programming like the NFL, college football, and 
 to maximize this spend.
New to the leaderboards is Oculus VR, the Facebook-owned VR platform that recently introduced a low-cost introductory model to market in an effort to make virtual reality more accessible for mainstream audiences. The brand spent over $9.4 million during November to place nine spots nearly 530 times on TV, including over $4 million dedicated to its top ad, “See it in VR,” which featured Wiz Khalifa, Leslie Jones, and Awkwafina. Oculus spread this spend primarily across Fox, ABC, and NBC, and during programming including the NFL, 
, and 
.
EA Sports closes out the ranking, rejoining the top ranks after a slowed spend since the end of September. With an estimated budget of over $2.2 million this month, it accounts for nearly 2.5 percent of the category’s entire TV ad spend during this period. Running only two ads over 220 times, EA generated over 110 million TV ad impressions, with the vast majority of spend focused on its top ad “Make Your Play Part 2,” promoting the latest Madden NFL release. EA allocated budget on an appropriately sports-loving audience, placing these ads primarily on ESPN, ABC, and NFL Network, and during programming such as the NFL, college football, and college basketball.
For more about iSpot’s attention and conversion analytics, visit iSpot.tv.
Monetizing 
 is still a work in progress. The idea of watching people get paid to play games seemed far-fetched not long ago. But market researcher 
 that 165 million esports enthusiasts are now watching esports, with that number expected to reach 250 million by 2021. Occasional viewers will drive those numbers to 557 million by 2021.
That means that esports has a huge chance to surpass both the revenues and the viewership for traditional sports — if only the teams, leagues, broadcasters, streaming companies, and video game publishers can figure out the best business models for monetization.
We talked about this challenge in a recent webinar on esports monetization. Our expert panelists included Jonathan Singer, industry strategist at 
; 
, director of esports at 
; and 
, chief operating officer at 
, an esports organization.
Esports has many different avenues for driving revenue. Those include advertising, sponsorship, 
, ticket sales, concessions at events, media rights, streaming videos, and prize money. There are many ways to innovate across all of those categories.
The session was moderated by VentureBeat’s Rachael Brownell and me. It was sponsored by Akamai. Here’s an edited transcript of our conversation.
Above: Kent Wakeford of Gen.G speaks at GamesBeat Summit in April, 2018.
 I’m our gaming industry strategist, which means I get to talk about video games all day, which is pretty cool. At Akamai we secure and deliver fantastic digital experiences for the world’s top brands. We were instrumental in helping the video game industry move from physical to digital distribution as the primary model of game distribution. That’s the quick rundown on Akamai and myself.
 I’m director of esports at Ubisoft. I’ve been there for five years now. I’ve had a great career in video games with Blizzard before that, IGN before that. I’m a community guy that’s done this for a very long time, long before we had the term “esports.” I’m an evangelist about esports. Anything I can do to help the ecosystem. I’m super excited to talk about this today.
 I’m co-founder of Gen.G Esports. Gen.G is a global esports company that owns and operates seven esports teams, including the Seoul Dynasty in the Overwatch League. We have the 2017 world championship League of Legends team, a two-time world championship Heroes of the Storm team, a championship PUBG team, our Clash Royale team in China, which plays in Shanghai, as well as our newly announced Fortnite team, which trains and plays in the U.S.
Above: Newzoo sees live esports viewership growing for some big events.
 If you think about esports at the league and the team level, the easy analogy is with traditional sports. Let me start with an analogy to the 2018 World Series, Boston Red Sox and LA Dodgers, and the 2018 League of Legends world championship, with China’s Invictus and Europe’s Fnatic.
If we think about revenue coming out of these games, we can start with media rights as the first pillar, which we know is the big revenue driver for traditional sports. In the World Series we had Fox as the broadcaster. The World Series had about 14.3 million average viewers for the games. Compare that to League of Legends. Their broadcast rights are more on digital streaming platforms like Twitch, with worldwide viewership of 78.5 million. Media rights is a key and dominant revenue driver, both in traditional sports as we’ve seen, and now quickly gaining in esports, because of the massive viewership.
That’s number one. Number two, you see live events. Going back to the analogy of the World Series versus the League of Legends world championships, live events, sold-out stadiums—for League of Legends it was in Korea. For the World Series it was New York and Boston. But you have tens of thousands of people buying live tickets, concessions, and everything else.
Then you get to sponsorship. Sponsorship is a big, big area of growth for esports. You’re seeing, at the league level, great brands coming into esports like Toyota and T-Mobile and others. On the team level you’re seeing big brands, both endemic brands and non-endemic brands, coming in and sponsoring teams and players.
So you have media rights, sponsorship, and live events. Merchandise is another big area. You’re starting to see that grow. There are some great esports teams doing a great job, whether that’s 100 Thieves or Fnatic. And then the last area – and this is revenue that ultimately flows down mainly to the players – is prize winnings. Whether it’s the player pool for the World Series that goes to the players, or the prize pools for League of Legends or DOTA or any other games, that money flows to the teams, and the majority ultimately goes to the players.
From a revenue perspective, media, sponsorship, live events, merchandise, and prize winnings are the pillars. The biggest revenue driver to the leagues, currently, is media rights. What we’re seeing today is that the largest revenue driver for the teams is sponsorship revenue.
Above: Rob Chiarini, director of esports at Ubisoft.
 Yeah, exactly that. When we look at esports in the current revenue models, as he mentioned, we look at a lot at traditional sports. I’d always say to look at traditional entertainment, too. Look at TV shows. At the end of the day, esports itself is a viewership phenomenon. There are players and all these mechanics within it, but it’s no different from actors and players in other sports. We all agree that the viewership is what’s super impressive. From viewership you get merchandise, people viewing and traveling and spending. That’s where you get the buying power for sponsors and others.
On top of that, for us, when we compare ourselves to traditional sports—traditional sports had to go this rate. If you’ve ever heard me talk about these things, I talk about how traditional sports have to sell media rights. They have to have sponsors. They have to have advertisers. They have to have all this influx of money, because they don’t have anything, at the end of the day. They don’t own the ball. You and I could start up a new football league tomorrow if we wanted to and no one can stop us from using that sport as a vehicle for a program. We’d get our own sponsors, do our own things, and we could do anything we wanted. Nobody owns the IP of the football.
With video games, we’re in a very different place, in that we can look at things differently if we choose to. As many esports start up, they look at it going, hey, this is a marketing a vehicle, a messaging vehicle, an engagement vehicle, a community retention and engagement vehicle, rather than a P&L against a thing to provide an entertainment that creates profit. For us, owning the game gives us the opportunity that every activity we do, every dollar we spend on an esport, is actually a way for us to engage with our existing communities, create viewership, create playership, create opportunities for monetization within the game and on the game itself.
All of that is super interesting. I believe esports has the biggest leg up against traditional sports in that way. Adding to that—I agree with your list, merch and media rights and things. There are some other things that are interesting. Gambling is out there in the space, not that I’m a proponent or otherwise, but that’s a revenue stream that’s out there in the world. Fantasy leagues, gambling sites, things like that. Another thing we do in esports, or in gaming in general, is interactive money. When you look at things like Twitch Bits and things of that nature that allow people to purchase around the game, that’s different from the traditional sports. That’s another revenue opportunity within the ecosystem, and for all of gaming.
 I go back to the drops and items and things inside the game, different layers of monetization. We’d categorize that underneath gaming. But there’s the whole other platform life. Twitch Bits is a good example, an external currency that’s involved in the ecosystem. Somebody is spending to do things with that.
Subscriptions are subscriptions. Move that to one side. It doesn’t matter if you subscribe to Netflix, which is a very strong competitor to esports. Anything that takes eyeballs away from something else is a competitor. Not everyone looks at it that way, but I think gaming companies, esports companies, everyone of us is an entertainment medium and we should look at all of those spaces as potential threats. Subscription models are just another source of revenue.
Above: Sponsorship is the biggest source of revenue for esports in 2018.
 I have a little bit of a bomb to throw, which I feel is a good way to start off a panel. [laughs] That is, we talk about where the revenue is growing to. I think it’s supposed to be $904 million this year and then a billion soon enough, with 380 million global viewers. That’s a nice size of audience. But when you do the division there, you’re talking about $2.60 a user.
If you look at the companies that are coming in, you have all the big names in video games. You have big names from outside. Again, this is VentureBeat, so people are worried about the money. Is that enough money to go around? It’s not a lot of money yet. I know we’re growing as an industry, but when we’re talking about revenue models, you have to talk about how we’re getting there and how we get—everyone’s fighting for a slice of that pie.
 I think what you just framed up is one of the most exciting opportunities in esports. Goldman Sachs had a report recently where they showed that the average esports consumer monetized to about $3.94. Whereas the average consumer in traditional sports is monetizing to about $54. That means there’s a 10X opportunity within the esports market to grow and build those connections with fans, to bring them things they’re willing to pay for, for their excitement and their fandom and their engagement with teams and players. I view that as an opportunity.
When I look at the revenue growth drivers in esports, I think they’re all way under what the reality is going to be. We see it in the viewership. We see what’s happening on a global basis with stadiums being built all around the world – in the U.S., in China, in Korea. We see brand sponsors coming in. We see bigger media rights deals happening. We see merchandise. We just saw the announcement with the Overwatch League and Fnatic doing merchandise. It’s moving at a much faster speed than a lot of the industry reports have been putting out. That’s the opportunity. That’s why you see so much capital coming into esports.
 When we talk about esports, we’re comparing this giant macro of a term, across a huge industry, multiple titles, multiple games, multiple sports if you will. It’s a gigantic term we use to encompass everything. Different publishers, different games, different titles, these are all different points along that cycle. Some further along, some back behind. Some new, some starting, some growing. It’s not equal across the board. We’re talking from a very macro view. I think that’s important, because I know some of the people watching are new to esports and trying to understand that. It encompasses so much when we talk about esports as a class.
 I would never say that there are necessarily losers. Again, it’s a strategy. Esports itself might not meet certain games and certain appetites for different things. They might feel that some other marketing strategy or activity that they’re doing is more beneficial and this isn’t proving out the results that they want. It’s tough. What scope works for your game at that time, and things change.
 Kent’s response was pitch perfect. What I was looking to get at, when you talk about the difference between the ARPPUs for esports and for traditional sports–when you look at the demographics, if you look at baseball in the U.S., the bulk of their demographic is over 55 years old. Versus esports, it’s millennials and Gen Z. You need to think about — we’ll get to that in the next question as well — engagement, and how you’re engaging with them from a technological standpoint, because these are the digital natives everyone in advertising has been talking about for years.
How are they going to interact with esports? Where are they going to interact with esports? What do they expect from their viewing experience? That’s where you see, as we move from traditional revenue models around the base that traditional sports built to future interesting revenue models Robb alluded to with perks and in-game currency, to other ways of interacting with fans. That’s my point I want to make until we get to the next question.
Above: Female esports players are on the rise.
 You brought up age, the 55-year-old average age of baseball viewers. All of our esports fans are growing older too. As they mature and raise families on esports, just like previous generations did on baseball–not that I’m saying baseball is going away, but we’re starting to see legacy now like traditional sports have had. Your parents may have been sports fans, so they took you to games and you became a fan. We’re seeing that same thing happen with esports. Even for us, for all of us looking at esports now, and what that demographic is–as it’s aging and maturing, what’s the value proposition for those people, as well as new fans? It’s going to be an exciting elongated process for that.
 Just to make sure, Robb, Ubisoft isn’t bringing up a public stance that they’re going to kill baseball.
 Uh…no? I think there’s enough room for everyone, for all these games, for the different sportsballs and everything else. There’s plenty of room for everyone, an appetite for each of us.
 As a team owner, I think there’s a lot of great lessons from traditional sports. There’s a lot of areas to innovate, especially with the digital connection between fan and player. We talked about a lot of the traditional revenue streams and media. There’s a lot of room for improvement in looking at how traditional sports have been able to really engage fans in broadcast and go deep into player backgrounds and create a connection with storytelling around players. You’ll see that emerge in this coming year in esports.
Sponsorship we touched on. The gates are open and that’s happening. Another big area is live events. As I mentioned before, there are stadiums and arenas opening up all around the United States and the world for esports events. You’ll see a lot of innovation in how events are put on and engage people to come and have a great time. And then merchandise is another area that traditional sports teams have done a great job with. You’ll see that evolve.
One other area that’s also evolving, and we’ve spent a lot of time on this at Gen.G–we planted a flag in South Korea, the birthplace of esports. If you think about a lot of the players within esports, so many of them are from Korea. It’s like Brazil in soccer in terms of so many great players coming out of South Korea. What you’re seeing now is a whole infrastructure being built around the trading of players. That’s another area of revenue that you’ll start to see. Whether you look at the soccer teams or other professional teams, you’ll see trading of players become another big area of growth. As an esports team owner, I’m looking a lot at traditional sports for best practices in that area.
 As I alluded to earlier, monetize everything. Traditional sports, they do a great job of every potential revenue source around the thing they create and how to monetize that, how to build upon that. To Kent’s point, how do we create deeper connections with fans, through storytelling and other pieces of content? How do you tell the story and own this ecosystem that you’ve created? Some of the traditional sports team and sports leagues do a great job of revealing that humanity that we all can connect to and do something with that.
Supermassive Games is bookending the year in VR in much better form than it started. The Until Dawn developer’s first two games of 2018, PSVR’s 
 and 
, have all but been forgotten following an unexpectedly lukewarm reception that led the team to vow it will do better in the future. Rest assured; Shattered State is better.
Out now, Shattered State is the result of Supermassive’s first VR collaboration outside of Sony, this time appearing exclusively on Google’s Daydream platform. If you’ve been following Daydream’s exclusive output over the past few years you’ll know Google has been favoring more experimental VR experiences like So Let Us Melt to showcase its mobile ecosystem. Shattered State is very much a continuation of that trend; it’s a political thriller in which you’re not on the frontlines of conflict but instead behind a desk, calling the shots.
“This was an opportunity to take some of the learnings we got from The Inpatient in terms of VR storytelling, an opportunity to go into a new genre in terms of a political thriller, and the market’s very different,” Supermassive’s Simon Harris says of how the experience came to be. “When we’re building stuff for PlayStation VR, the PlayStation VR consumer has certain expectations. With something like Daydream, because it’s much more about people trying VR for the first time, there’s experimenting with new experiences. There’s a lot of things that are less ‘gamey’ for that sort of audience, so it was that perfect match.”
Shattered State is definitely less game, more choose your own adventure. Lasting about 40 minutes as one ‘play through’ but reaching much further thanks to the developer’s staple multi-choice formula, the game is like a distillation of everything that Supermassive is best known for squeezed into something around the length of a TV episode. Set in the wake of the creation of a new country, already uneasy tensions accelerate at an alarming pace as you try to put a stop to what’s looking increasingly like a coup. That means lots of important people with important jobs shouting various options at you, usually conflicting with a colleague and leaving you with the consequences.
We’ll have a full review for you in the near future but I was really struck by what Supermassive was trying to do here; create a VR experience the likes of which you genuinely won’t have seen in traditional gaming before. There’s an admirable element of stagecraft to the way in which characters bounce off of each other, stare you down and enter and exit scenes.
“VR has a completely different storytelling experience; you are present but, in the case of Shattered State, you don’t have a voice,” the team’s Steve Goss tells me. “So rather than being a character it’s more of a role that you fulfill. I think that was one of our big impulses, trying to find a really interesting role that a lot of people identify with.”
Indeed, Shattered State apes the hyper-serious, somewhat hamfisted and brooding atmosphere of shows like Homeland and 24. The swathing, synthetic soundtrack echoes the “end of the world” scenario and the characters, which are some of the best I’ve seen in all of VR let alone a mobile platform, intimidate with their matter-of-fact dialogue. You don’t witness the chaos outside first-hand, but muffled radio messages, behind-the-glass interrogations and to-the-point news bulletins all do a pretty effective job of weighing on your conscience. The choices themselves are designed to have weight; do you torture a potentially innocent hacker in order to get answers faster? Or do you choose to go easy on him and risk being a step behind?
Choices stack up fast, with the brief running time flying past. I haven’t yet dived back into Shattered State to toy around with my choices and see what different outcomes can be achieved, but Supermassive assures me there are plenty. Mostly, though, I’m just reassured to find a developer with a skillset uniquely suited to VR getting back on track and doing something truly interesting in the space.
“We’re looking for a new audience, all of our games try to look for a new audience,” Goss tells me. “We learned so much from the engagement of Until Dawn and every game we’ve made since. We’ve not stepped away from the people who our games but we think this will bring us even closer to, hopefully, a new group of people. And they can teach us new things about what they want from an experience, how they want to experience it.”
Shattered State will be available on Daydream devices (specifically the mobile-based View headset and the standalone Mirage Solo) from today.
.
Conventional wisdom holds that it’s 
, be that tennis, a new language, or, indeed, software development. It’s against this backdrop that London-based Kano has been 
 designed to teach coding fundamentals and the building blocks of PCs.
A few months back, Kano 
 to help anyone — but especially kids — learn to code. The company followed that up by 
 to push its kits to thousands of North American retailers.
Though anyone can learn from the kits, children represent a core target market for Kano. This is evidenced by 
, which was 
. VentureBeat managed to spend a little time with the kit, alongside a bona fide six-year-old, to see how she coped with the pressures of building a connected wand and then putting it to work in the fantasy world inhabited by Potter & Co.
While Kano’s DIY touchscreen computer kit wasn’t exactly complicated to set up, the Harry Potter Coding Kit trumps it on simplicity — there are just four main parts that need to be assembled.
You have the main wand tip; the handle; the “coding wand brain,” which can also be referred to as the circuit board; and a small button. There is also a lanyard that attaches to the wand so you can tether it to the wrist of overly zealous kiddies. Oh, and two AAA batteries are included.
Above: Harry Potter Coding Kit
The little assembly guide that comes with the wand is easy to follow, even for a six-year-old.
Above: Harry Potter Coding Kit: Circuit board
Above: Harry Potter Coding Kit: Batteries in
You will need the separate 
 to properly interact with the wand. Though setting it up isn’t hard, you will probably need to help younger kids connect the wand to the device over Bluetooth.
Above: Connecting the Harry Potter wand
Before kicking things off for real, you’re invited to test the wand and practice your swishing by tracing a bunch of colors across the screen. This demonstrates that the accelerometer, gyroscope, and magnetometer are all working for accurate detection of direction and motion.
Above: Testing out the wand
Next, it’s time to enter the virtual world of Harry Potter. Here, you’ll be greeted by more than 70 challenges plotted on a map. You work through these incrementally, unlocking stages as you go along, with exercises getting progressively more challenging.
Above: The world of Harry Potter, according to Kano
Above: Let the challenges begin
I would recommend sitting with younger kids through the first few challenges, at least. I got a little complacent after the first one and just left the kid to it, but when I was called upon to help with one of the challenges a little later, I was out the loop, so to speak, so we had to backtrack a bit.
The challenges vary in scope, but the layout is consistent. It basically constitutes a block-based visual language, along the 
, with users dragging jigsaw-like rectangles from the left, per the instructions at the top, and fitting them into other blocks to form a sequence of commands.
In this example, the challenge is simply to change the color of the potion in the cauldron. You can change it to a specific color — or random colors — by tapping and selecting options from the drop-down menu inside each block.
Above: Getting started
The changes can be actioned by swiping your wand upwards, downwards, left, or right, and you see will the cauldron sway in various directions, depending on your choices.
Above: Control the cauldron
If you want to dig down beneath the colorful coding blocks, you can elect to view the corresponding JavaScript code by switching away from the canvas.
Above: JavaScript view
Other example challenges include making feathers fly using swishing motions, and making owls move.
Above: Make the owl move
As noted previously, things do get incrementally more intricate. For example, you can include multiple “while” loops and create fireworks in the sky that are different colors depending on whether you swipe up or down. You can also change the position of the fireworks in the sky.
Above: Different effects for different actions
Interestingly (and importantly) you can even code the wand itself by stipulating what color the little LED light on it turns while the wand is moving.
Above: The wand’s LED changing color
This two-way interaction helps create a bridge between the physical and virtual worlds and demonstrates that coding isn’t purely about controlling digital assets on a screen — it can have a tangible effect on real objects.
That said, the LED is positioned at the lower end of the wand, and it’s so small and subtle that it’s hard to get all that excited about it. A slightly larger bulb positioned at the tip of the wand would have created a more engaging experience — but that would probably have had an adverse impact on battery life. Speaking of which …
At the time of writing, we’ve yet to make it all the way to the end of the challenges — such is the nature of working with a six-year-old. After first picking it up, she played with the wand and the various challenges happily for an hour. But then she didn’t pick it up again for a couple of weeks. It was at this point I started paying attention to the battery life of the wand — the two AAA batteries were dead.
Indeed, it transpires that the wand has no “off” button — it merely goes into standby mode, where it is capable of staying 
. If you want to preserve your batteries, you will need to physically remove them from the wand, which isn’t ideal. Moreover, AAA batteries feel like a throwback to a bygone era — it would’ve been better to fit the wand with a built-in rechargeable lithium-ion battery.
According to Kano, you should get around six hours of continuous usage from the wand before you have to switch batteries.
Trying to explain what coding is to a six-year-old is a largely futile endeavor — in my experience, at least. But a main purpose of the Kano Harry Potter Wand is to teach the basics of coding to kids who may not realize that’s what they’re doing.
It’s a little like the original 
 movie. Mr. Miyagi persuaded Daniel LaRusso to 
 and 
, and while Miyagi did enjoy some free domestic labor from the endeavors, LaRusso was simultaneously honing his karate skills without even realizing it.
Translated into the world of Kano: As far as kids are concerned, all they’re doing is following instructions so their cool little wand thing can make colorful fireworks or float feathers. With a bit of perseverance, kids will learn all about variables, logic, loops, and the cause and effect of their actions. And, ultimately, that’s what is cool about the Harry Potter Coding Kit — users can enjoy coding without even knowing what coding really is.
Colin Kroll, the cofounder of video looping app Vine and high-flying trivia game 
, has died at the age of 34.
An official with the NYPD’s public information office confirmed that a female 911 caller asked for a welfare check, and Kroll was pronounced dead at 12:18 a.m. Eastern. Kroll’s death is being investigated as a possible narcotics overdose.
Kroll, along with Rus Yusupov and Dom Hofmann, founded Vine in 2012. Vine was bought by Twitter just four months after being founded. Kroll remained with Twitter as Vine’s general manager but was fired 18 months after the acquisition, 
, according to Recode.
Kroll and Yusupov then went on to found HQ Trivia. Kroll took over from Yusupov as CEO in September. In March, HQ Trivia raised $15 million at a reported $100 million valuation. Investors in HQ Trivia include Lightspeed Venture Partners and Founders Fund.
The live trivia game quickly took off after it was released in the summer of 2017. By January, the game had become one of the 10 most downloaded free iPhone games. HQ Trivia hosts live action trivia games where users can win cash prizes everyday. The company also 
 this summer, seeking to diversify its offerings after interest in the flagship HQ Trivia game began to cool.
HQ Trivia and Yusupov sent out statements about Kroll’s passing on Twitter.
We learned today of the passing of our friend and founder, Colin Kroll, and it's with deep sadness that we say goodbye. Our thoughts go out to his family, friends and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time.
— HQ Trivia (@hqtrivia) 
So sad to hear about the passing of my friend and co-founder Colin Kroll. My thoughts &  prayers go out to his loved ones. I will forever remember him for his kind soul and big heart. He made the world and internet a better place. Rest in peace, brother.
— Rus (@rus) 
In an email to VentureBeat, Founders Fund’s Cyan Banister said that “Colin was incredibly creative and brilliant. His contributions to this world will never be forgotten by his family, friends, peers, and fans who interacted with the products he had his hand in building. He will be deeply missed by myself, the rest of the team, his friends, and his family. We will need our space to mourn, and respectfully ask for the time to process this sudden loss.”
This story originally said that Kroll died at the age of 35. An NYPD spokesperson said that they have Kroll’s age listed as 34 at time of death.
A regulatory filing confirms what’s been clear for some time — the IMAX VR experiment is over.
We first set eyes on IMAX VR’s efforts early last year with its well-equipped pods featuring HTC Vives and an early StarVR prototype we noted 
 expected from a paid VR experience.
The location was also separated from a theater multiplex so it was unlikely to get much foot traffic — an odd choice for the premiere location of the IMAX brand of VR arcades. We’ve reported on 
, but this latest filing is the nail in the coffin for IMAX VR.
From 
:
In connection with the Company’s previously-announced strategic review of its virtual reality pilot initiative, the Company has decided to close its remaining VR locations and write-off certain VR content investments.
Many of the virtual worlds IMAX VR embraced for selling tickets were readily available on home VR systems. Other types of location-based VR, like 
 and 
 however, have roll-outs planned heading into 2019 for a caliber of immersion that is unattainable at home. Some of those locations are in the highest foot traffic areas on the planet with brands like Ghostbusters or Star Wars offering exclusive experiences meant to draw people in — so we will be curious to see how those perform over time.
.
Heroes of the Storm isn’t dead. But it isn’t alive, either. 
 that it was ending Heroes esports entirely, shifting developers off the game, and “changing the cadence” of updates effectively stated that the game was shifting away from active development. The maudlin tone of the piece, even though it said the game was continuing development, made it fairly clear: Blizzard will support Heroes as it is for a while, but it’s halting its attempts to make it a hit.
There are several clues in that direction in the open letter. First, when it says it’s changing the cadence of hero releases, it’s worth noting that it’s been six weeks since Heroes’ last new addition, Orphea, with nothing new on the horizon — that’s the longest it’s been between new hero releases since early in its beta. Moreover, while the letter promises new content, it specifically doesn’t mention new maps — the thing that has separated Heroes from its competitors.
But it’s the end of esports, with the canceling of the Heroes of the Storm Global Championship (HGC), that really indicates the Blizzard has surrendered to the market. To be sure: the HGC was never especially popular. I watched most of it last year, and despite an increasingly high quality both of the production and the competitive matches (
), it usually hovered around 20,000-to-30,000 Twitch viewers, and I’m not sure, even in the biggest of matches, that it ever cracked 50,000. That’s not good.
That lack of esports success reveals the core tensions at the heart of HOTS, and the thing that probably doomed it: as a game, it was never able to remedy the difference between casual and competitive play. It bet heavily on being the MOBA for casual players while also trying to develop a competitive playerbase and an esports league of the sort that Blizzard games have been known for.
Blizzard had good reason to believe that it could hit both the casual and competitive market: that’s what its history says it’s good at. Blizzard, as a company, is rarely directly innovative in its games. Instead, it has achieved monumental success by moving into existing genres with games that are more accessible and more polished. Warcraft and Starcraft muscled in over early real-time strategy games by having the better interface (left-click selects and right-click moves!) in-game, but also making it much, much easier to connect to other players online.
This is something that’s been a success for Blizzard over and over. Diablo’s ease of use and superb graphics and music blasted roguelikes into the mainstream. World of Warcraft’s appeal came from how streamlined it felt compared to the chaotic original massively multiplayer RPGs, as well as the aesthetic appeal of the, well, world of Warcraft. And more recently, of course, both Hearthstone and Overwatch have wildly exceeded expectations for digital card games and team shooters.
What’s essential to all these games’ success, however, is that they also successfully converted casual players into players who cared about the depth of the game. Whether it be competitive Starcraft players, WOW raid tanks or role-playing guilds, or grinding for gems in 
, the history of Blizzard and its players is one of curious players being developed into diehard fans.
At a technical level, Heroes of the Storm fits this model. Yes, it’s built on MOBAs like the original Defense of the Ancients, with multiple lanes, heroes with a limited set of skills, and the demand for teamwork. But HOTS simplified this in that Blizzard way, eliminating the traditional MOBA annoyance of last-hitting minions, streamlining team leveling, and having creative maps that channeled players into objectives so that they always knew what they should be doing. So far, so good.
But Blizzard was always unable to take that next step of casual players learning the depths of the game — and largely due to its own mistakes, which can be seen in how Heroes esports never caught on.
The core problem with Heroes of the Storm came from its default game mode: Quick Match. The idea of Heroes, embodied in Quick Match, was that you could pick any combination of characters, jump into a game, and it would be fun. This was both a core design philosophy and how it pushed players to play. The matchmaking would make what it believed were fair teams based on Blizzard’s class system of Assassin-Support-Warrior-Specialist.
The problem with that was that, at higher levels, the game stopped being played that way. Blizzard was extremely wary of defining a “meta” for Heroes of the Storm — because they wanted it to seem casual — but in any kind of competitive game that doesn’t have an official meta, one will grow up without it, and in this case, it did without Blizzard ever being able to grapple with it.
Here’s a key example: the solo laner. At pro and high levels of competitive play, an extremely specific role, the solo, evolved. This player would usually work on the top lane of a map, making sure that the team gathered experience, and popping into fights in order to gain the advantage of surprise. Several of the pro scene’s top players, like Dignitas’ “Wubby” and Tempo Storm’s “Glaurung” played this role.
The evolution of the solo lane role led to characters with survivability against ambushes, which meant, for most of last year, that it was primarily filled by the unofficial category of “bruisers” — melee characters either with enough hit points or self-healing to get out of tough spots, and doing enough damage to swing late-game team fights. This meant Warrior characters like Dehaka or Arthas, or Assassins like Thrall or Malthael. You can start to see the problem arising just in that description: How on earth would a new player know that there’s a specific role that multiple characters from multiple different classes can play?
It gets worse. The characters ho are treated as being the best solo laners for new players to try are usually in the Specialist class, who are designed to push lanes as much as they can. So the game not only doesn’t show players the “right” way to play, it actively pushes them in a different direction.
But that’s not even the wrong direction! At most levels of play, those lane-pushing specialists like Azmodan and Sylvanas? They’re actually great! It’s just that at the pro level, coordination and fast movement meant that those characters were effectively useless, because they were so easy to seek and destroy. But for general use, they’re almost overpowered. And in Quick Match? Unless you randomly got a counterpart to one of those specialists, it’s possible you’d just straight up lose the game based on a bad random composition.
So what ended up happening, throughout all of Heroes of the Storm’s existence, is that the pros, by and large, played an extremely different game from general use in Quick Match, and a game that was still pretty damn different from competitive players. Blizzard’s halting attempt to acknowledge this? This summer, 
 framed through the lens of the pros, and an oft-promised, never-delivered reclassification system for its heroes.
Thus the problems persisted. Most players would get stuck in Quick Match and never check out the depth of the draft modes. Or if they did, the communication of how to play a ranked mode well wasn’t in the game. And esports, which can often be used to bridge that gap, never filled that role in Heroes.
Heroes of the Storm, in part because it was so wary of setting a meta, never came anywhere near succeeding at aligning conventional play with high-level play. And this meant there was both always a severely limited ceiling for Heroes esports, but also that players wanting to get better by watching the pros would have limited ability to do that.
And this pulled out one of the three pillars that competitive games usually need to achieve lasting success. A strong casual presence was something Heroes always had; a basic competitive scene was in increasingly good shape over time as the game adapted after its big HOTS 2.0 launch. But an esports scene that would feed back into both of those things, like League of Legends and Dota 2 possess? That gets players hyped to learn more, and that focuses media attention back on the game to get new players? This pillar never existed sufficiently well, despite all the noble attempts to get it in place.
Without it, it seems clear that Blizzard has given up on expecting Heroes of the Storm to ever be more than it is. And they’re probably correct to do so — it’s been almost five years since the beta started. It’s just hard not to see where the potential got wasted.
After years of uncertain experimentation, free-to-play game developers are starting to view in-game ads as a genuine alternative to in-app purchases (IAPs) rather than just an additional revenue bonus, according to 
‘s 
 of 336 game developers and publishers.
 said that in the last 12 months, the number of games owing at least 40 percent of total revenues to ads has increased by 15 percent, while the number of games generating 81 percent to 100 percent of their revenue from ads has leaped by a third (29 percent) within the same period.
The In-game Advertising Study 2018, published today by data analytics and player marketing firm DeltaDNA, also found that the relationship between ad networks and game-makers is maturing.
Above: In-game ads are on the rise.
Whereas the majority of respondents used to source ads from multiple suppliers in the hope of striking the best deal through competition, an increased demand for transparency and campaign data from the ad networks has led to a marked increase (61 percent year-over-year) in the number of developers showing loyalty to a single network that meets those demands.
As a result, 26 percent of developers now rely on just a single ad network, whereas ad exchanges are still the most popular choice among respondents (28 percent).
“In just a few years, we’ve seen the relationship between game-maker and ads evolve considerably — from being viewed as a necessary evil to an important monetization opportunity – often delivering revenue parity with IAPs,” said Mark Robinson, CEO of DeltaDNA, in a statement. “This is because better access to data from ad networks has allowed developers to take a player-first approach to managing their whole game economy. Balancing retention with IAP revenues and Ad income unlocks game profitability and good player experiences. We are now seeing the analytics-led approach that has been common for retention and IAP now being applied to ads with great success.
Above: Here’s the mix of ads that game developers use.
Other key findings include:
• Rewarded video ads are still clearly the most popular ad format, deployed within 65 percent of games (up from 58 percent), ahead of interstitial video ads (39 percent) and banners (31 percent). Playable ads are now used in 21 percent of games, up from just 12 percent last year.
• Similarly to last year, 56 percent of respondents used multiple ad formats within their games. The most common combination is a mix of interstitials and rewarded video, and roughly a fifth of that segment use more than three ad formats.
• Developers are now more confident about integrating ads, with 21 percent showing five or more ads per session — up 35 percent year on year.
• The number of respondents who identify in-game ads as an ‘important monetization opportunity’ has grown from 39 percent in 2016 to 59 percent in 2018, indicating a big cultural shift within the industry.
• When it comes to setting the frequency of ads in a game, the most common concerns among developers are increased player churn (32 percent), lower levels of player enjoyment (26 percent) and lower eCPM,or effective cost per mille, a measure of ad rates (15 percent).
• When describing their overall approach to in-game advertising, 15 percent of developers said they felt confident, marking a 107 percent increase year on year.
Robinson said, “Only with good access to ad data can game makers truly optimize their games. As this is happening more and more, ad networks are properly taking their place in the eco-system to support game developers, and because of this the percentage of revenue generated from ads is going from strength to strength.”
It should come as no surprise that the future belongs to Artificial Intelligence (AI). As the driving force behind everything from self-driving cars to voice recognition and targeted online marketing, AI and Deep Learning concepts stand at the center of today’s most exciting and important technologies.
That means that the 
 of both today and tomorrow belong to those who understand how these concepts work, and who know how to work with their most relied-upon languages and platforms.
The 
 breaks down what can understandably be an intimidating AI education into simple, digestible parts that appeal even to those who lack a more rigorous background in the field, and the entire bundle is currently available for over 90 percent off at just $39.
With four courses and over 100 lessons taught by industry experts, this bundle is for anyone who wants to learn about the most important elements of today’s leading technologies and tech innovations.
You’ll start by gaining a fundamental understanding of Deep Learning — which can be thought of largely as a series of powerful algorithms that can be used to predict an almost limitless number of future outcomes in any environment.
From there, you’ll dive into more advanced elements of the field with instruction that teaches you about using Python for logistic regression, how to build powerful predictive models that can forecast data outputs, how to work with some of the most popular Deep Learning techniques using Theano and TensorFlow, and more.
There’s even a module that teaches you how to build the types of neural networks that power Google’s search functions.
Don’t get left behind during the AI and Deep Learning revolution. The Deep Learning and Artificial Intelligence Introductory Bundle will get you up to speed for 
 — over 90 percent off its usual price.
A couple of weeks ago, European 
 organization 
, or $22.7 million, in an investment from entrepreneur Tej Kohli. That was part of a larger commitment by Kohli, through his Rewired GG fund, to invest €50 million, or $57 million, in esports startups.
Team Vitality said it believes the investment was the largest ever for a European esports team. You could say the sector is hot now, as market researcher 
 the business of esports to reach $1.7 billion in revenue by 2021. Kohli’s bet, shared by Team Vitality’s cofounder Fabien Devide, is that Europe’s esports sector will eventually rival Asian and North American esports markets.
And ultimately, just as there is with traditional sports, they believe there will be profits in esports related to both local franchise opportunities and global media rights opportunities as well.
Team Vitality has established itself as a leading professional brand in Europe with rosters across a number of titles. The team will use the money to develop state-of-the-art facilities, including training and performance centers, as well as a flagship store and office. It will also be used to build teams that can compete on the global esports stage.
Above: BMW working with League of Legends at the 2017 EU LCS
Vitality has recently launched a team for Counter Strike: Global Offensive, better known as CS:GO. That team won the DreamHack Open esports tournament in Atlanta. Vitality was also recently confirmed as one of the teams that has secured a long-term partnership in the newly franchised European League of Legends Championship Series, which has been rebranded as the LEC.
With Kohli’s support, the team plans to first expand its presence in China and Southeast Asia to reach more viewers than it currently reaches.
Fabien Devide and Nicolas Maurer founded Team Vitality in 2013 in France. It has more than 50 players from 11 countries. The team has a current portfolio of 10 games, including League of Legends, CS:GO, Fortnite, PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds, Rocket League, and more.
Kohli is the backer of Swiss-based robotics and venture studio Rewired, which is focused on applied sciences and technologies. Kohli has committed $100 million to Rewired. And Rewired has now launched an esports division, Rewired GG, which is solely dedicated to investing in esports The backing of Team Vitality is the first investment for Rewired GG.
I talked to both Devide and Kohli about the opportunity in esports.
Here’s an edited transcript of our interview.
Above: Team Vitality leaders and its new investor Tej Kohli.
 I’m widely invested all over the world. We have about 16 to 18 offices depending on how you look at it. We have one more in Paris now. We’re an international group. I’m into robotics, AI, genomics. We have a company that’s probably the leader in artificial blood. We’re very technologically driven.
Much of my success has come through e-commerce over the years, but it’s not one single thing. It’s things like we’re doing with esports – forward-looking projects where you invest in the right place at the right time and things work out. If you have good people like we do with Nico and Fabian, working in a good scheme, everything works out in life. That’s my experience. We like to do things before everyone else does. After we met Nico and Fabian this was a no-brainer for us.
 That 100 million fund isn’t for e-commerce, at least not yet. We’ve bought quite a few companies, and I have a large portfolio of companies I’ve invested in. I’m looking at self-driving cars, building sensors for that. That fund is for that area, investing in forward-looking technologies.
The 50 million, I’ve given that to Rewired, which is a group that’s invested with Vitality. I invest through these guys. I’ve known some of them for many years, and they’re some of the smartest engineers and technical people. That fund is for the esports business in general. That was before we invested in Vitality. Nico and Fabian met a lot of potential investors, and we also met a few potential companies that we looked into buying. But after we met Nico and Fabian, there was no doubt in my mind, or the Rewired guys—there was no other team we wanted to be with. We wanted it to be Vitality.
We can get into the reasons we chose Vitality, but it was mainly Fabian and Nico. They were a class act. They eat, drink, and sleep esports. They know everything about everything. What I was most impressed by in these guys was that they had done so much, becoming the second or third biggest team in Europe or whatever they were at the time, with the minimal amount of actual cash investment. It was how they achieved so much with so little.
And then there was the fact that they were predominantly a European team. In an area with such a global presence—the example I always give is, if you take baseball, it’s a big sport in the U.S., but nobody knows it in Europe or anywhere else except Japan. But this isn’t the case here. You can take almost any esport to any area geographically. League of Legends is played everywhere in the world. The potential is huge. I think we can help these young men take this team—not only by virtue of our investment, but we can help them in so many other ways. The potential is enormous.
Above: Team Vitality.
 We’ve always wanted to be international, even if we started in 2013 as a France-centric team – French players, French fans, telling our story in French. Very early in the life of the company we wanted to expand. When we moved into League of Legends at the beginning of 2016, it was our first way of expanding into Europe and gathering European players to reach a wider audience.
And now we can see that esports is a global business with global excitement. We can especially see that Asia and South America are very interesting markets, where esports is booming. For us that’s the logical next step. That’s one of the key reasons we chose to work with Mr. Kohli and Rewired. The financial resources are important, but so are the resources of the group when it comes to reaching out into new markets.
I can’t share precisely what we intend to do right now, but the idea is to establish ourselves in a few countries in Asia, move into new games there, and have a local presence. If you just operate the team from afar, you can’t really create content around the team and get sponsorships. It’s not very appealing. We have that experience from the past. We know that if we want to do something big there, we need to have a presence, have a very central project. That’s the next step for us, to expand the brand both in Europe and in new markets.
 It’s very interesting, because there are several models at the moment. The Overwatch League is a global league, but with geo-localization. You have a city-based team and then you can activate local audiences, which is very smart. Of course there are questions around the Overwatch League and the economics that are being figured out, but the model, the way they want to establish their operations, is very interesting.
You have other leagues that are region-based, like League of Legends with their European, Chinese, and North American leagues, and the world championship at the end of the year. That’s interesting because it creates narrative out of the competition between different regions. A lot of people and a lot of companies are trying different things in esports, and that’s one of the most interesting things about it.
We’re not locked into a region or a model like in traditional sports. It’s possible for us to have a French team in Counter-Strike, a pan-European team in League of Legends, a Chinese team in DOTA, and an Honor of Kings team in Thailand. We have a lot f possibilities, and that’s very exciting.
 First of all, esports has been around for a while. It’s just beginning to come into its own. You have to look no further than the U.S. esports teams and how they’ve grown exponentially. The same thing has happened in China. In Europe we’re behind. That’s an opportunity for people like us and Vitality. It’s all about eyeballs. Yes, some people say that it’s just millennials, younger people, but the sponsors are very smart. They’re coming to us. It’s not like blockchain, where today Bitcoin is down 80 percent from where it was four months ago. This market is coming into its own.
Now, having said that, I do understand that it’s still the wild west. We need to bring some order to it, people like us who’ve been in business before. We need to try to establish bodies that are self-governing and bring some degree of ethics and morals to it. Some of that exists now. I’ve met some very interesting people in this industry. But I think we need to set up that type of infrastructure. We fully committed to doing that as co-owners of Vitality.
Above: Last year’s AR dragon at League of Legends World Finals.
 Historically, as you know, sponsorship made up the bulk of the revenue for esports teams. Not everyone in the industry thinks that’s a sustainable model, something we want. We don’t want to rely too much on sponsorship. We want to make money from sponsorship, but it should be a lower percentage of our overall revenue.
What’s most interesting in esports right now is the potential for media rights. We’re coming from basically zero there to a new era where we can see huge investment in the space. The Overwatch League had its multi-million-dollar deal with Twitch for two years to be the exclusive broadcaster for the league. If you look at traditional sports, it’s a big part of team revenue. It makes a lot of sense, because you have a lot of people who want to watch the product, whether it’s the Overwatch League or the League of Legends championships or whatever. The publishers have realized that they can go to the broadcasters and sell those rights. It’s a new influx of money for teams.
We believe that media rights will be a big part of our revenues in the years to come. It’ll take a bit of time for everything to be established, and the competition we can see in the broadcast space—you have YouTube wanting to catch up to Twitch, and Facebook trying different things in the space. That’s all very interesting for us.
When we want to look at our revenue stream overall, right now our goal as a company—we don’t want to think in the short term about this stream of revenue or that one. We want to build a brand, an international brand that a lot of people are passionate about. If you look at traditional sports, that’s the way sports teams make money, too. If you’re a worldwide brand and have a lot of fans around the world, they’ll pay to wear jerseys. They’ll subscribe to content around the team. They’ll subscribe to ways of watching the games. If you build a brand, a worldwide brand with a lot of exposure and a lot of fans, that’s where the money is.
What we’re thinking about with Team Vitality is to build that worldwide brand. Then we can start talking about individual streams of revenue. But that comes after the process of building this brand.
 Nico is very modest, as is Fabian, but they’ve managed to already draw some good sponsors over the last two and three years. I suspect that with our backing and our contacts that’ll only grow bigger. But that’s just one form of revenue. There are many others, and we’re looking at all sorts. But Nico is absolutely right. First we want to make sure that we can give our sponsors and our viewers the best brand that there is. That’s why we’re together.
 Getting back to sponsorship quickly, that’s one of our key areas of identity. We’re the best western team when it comes to sponsorship, because have the best brands. We have Omen. We have Adidas. We have Red Bull. We have Volvic. We have Renault, the carmaker. We’re very successful in that regard. But of course, we think that revenue is about much more than sponsorship.
Above: League of Legends World Championship 2017
 First of all, the level of success around esports in different places has some kind of misconceptions. Esports is huge in South Korea, but the organizations there don’t have a lot of reach outside of South Korea, with the exception of Gen.G, which is partly owned by Americans. The South Korean teams have evolved in their own very big domestic markets, and they haven’t had to reach outside that. It’s a national passion there.
When it comes to global teams, organizations that have established themselves globally, you’re looking mostly at Chinese teams and North American teams. The franchised leagues – Overwatch League, League of Legends – got started there one year before Europe, so we’re trailing in that regard. We can see this now coming in Europe. You have the meeting of Rewired and Vitality, and we’ll probably see similar amounts of investment in Europe in the future.
Focusing on the European market, it’s a bit strange. It’s bigger than the North American market, so the potential is there. But it’s more complicated to operate, because you have various languages and various cultures. We see that as a potential strength, but it’s more complicated. We have to sign local players in different countries if we want to reach different audiences. It takes more effort on our side to reach the whole Europe, as opposed to North America where everyone speaks the same language and watches the same TV channels and so on. But in the end the real potential is huge.
Osterhout Design Group (ODG) may be dead before mass shipping its R-9 augmented reality glasses, with an asset sale planned for January focused on the AR company’s patent portfolio.
I left a voicemail on ODG’s listed phone line, sent an email, and spoke briefly on the phone with a representative of Hilco Streambank, 
 for ODG in the following way:
Hilco Streambank is seeking offers to acquire certain assets (collectively, the “Assets”) of Osterhout Group, Inc. (ODG). The Assets include an extensive patent portfolio covering mixed reality (augmented reality/virtual reality (“AR/VR”)) smart glasses technology, as well as other associated intangible and physical assets.
A sale of the Assets will be conducted pursuant to Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code on January 15, 2019 at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time, by Hilco Streambank on behalf of JGB Collateral, LLC (“JGB”), as collateral agent for the secured lender.
ODG was founded in 1999 by Ralph Osterhout, whose previous work included the PVS-7 night vision goggles and the development of high-tech devices featured in a couple James Bond films. Over the last several years, ODG pitched a series of smart glasses culminating in the R-9 which promised a series of key features including 6DoF tracking and an extra wide field of view for around $2,000. As of this writing, the ODG website 
 the option to “reserve yours” while stating that the gadget is “shipping in limited quantities.”
A Hilco representative I spoke with directed me to their website for information about the state of the company. I’ll update this post as we learn more.
This would be a quiet end for ODG, which hasn’t updated its social accounts on Twitter and Facebook since June. The company offered relatively low profile headgear that certainly made strides in ergonomics compared to other kinds of AR and VR hardware, but could never deliver on the promises of a robust feature set with broad appeal.
The assets for sale are listed as a “Patent portfolio of 107 issued patents, 16 notices of allowance, 83 pending applications and 71 applications which have been abandoned but may be refiled” as well as “Related branded trademarks” and “Tangible collateral supporting the business.”
.
Most gamers dream about being Ninja, a video gamer who became the No. 1 social “influencer” in sports — beating out Cristiano Ronaldo, Neymar, Lionel Messi, and LeBron James — by playing Fortnite, earning on average $400,000 to $500,000 a day. That’s the crest of the 
, or the economic change that comes as people get paid to play games.
, a video game data analytics and research platform described as a “Google” for video games, has taken a deeper dive into this phenomenon with its Leisure Economy Research Study, developed in tandem with video game database API, Internet Game Data Base (IGDB), and video game market research company NPD Group. This reinforces one of our themes for the 
, which takes place on April 23–24 in Los Angeles.
The study’s findings reveal data showing the evolution and reasons behind the rise of professional gamer compensation, the impact of changing demographics on the gaming landscape, and a future outlook for esports and influencers. Some of these people are rarities, or the tip of the Leisure Economy, as they’re often celebrities who draw more attention and money than the masses.
Above: Women are leading spending in gaming.
But there’s also a growing long tail behind this phenomenon. Fueled by new technology, more accessibility for consumers, and new content models that act as growth accelerators for gamers, developers, and publishers — the modern-day video game industry is booming. Over the past several years, new revenue streams have led to the rise of the Leisure Economy — which in the game industry represents the idea that gamers can earn a living by doing what they love — playing games.
Michael Yum, CEO of PM Studios and development chief for Playgroundz, believes the Leisure Economy is here to stay, noting the industry understands the important roles and values gamers bring to the ecosystem.
“In 2018, the video game industry far surpassed Newzoo’s market forecast of $115.8 billion by an additional $22.1 billion,” said Yum in a statement. “Everyone in the industry is trying to develop their business around the rise of women in gaming, esports and new ways of compensating gamers. Just look at a gamer like Tyler “Ninja” Blevins — he is already earning more than many famous athletes, musicians and actors, has as much notoriety and influence and will only continue to grow his earning power.”
Above: Ninja’s social media presence is outdoing traditional sports stars.
The video game industry is nontraditional when it comes to compensation, as evidenced by the incredible amount of income gamers generate from a viewer audience. Using services like Twitch, Mixer, and Mobcrush, gamers can receive compensation ranging from 10 cents to $1 per hour per viewer count, plus income generated from that day’s sponsorships and donations.
Research study findings reveal the following: The average salary of professional gamers has increased by 347 percent since 2016, from an average of $2,800 to $12,500 a month, according to Playgroundz.
Sponsors have increased compensation to professional gamers by nearly 700 percent since 2016, with total compensation reaching as high as $4 million per year. Prize pool compensation has increased by 2,400 percent since 2016, with pools now ranging from $50,000 to as high as $25 million.
“With the advent of new technologies and streaming services, professional gamer compensation has risen at such a rapid rate that the industry has begun looking to new ways to compensate gamers that are transparent and fair,” said Yum. “Blockchain, for example, has the power to decentralize the gaming ecosystem and balance out the playing field for gamers. We are going to continue to see more gamers voicing their concerns around revenue generated from ads while they are gaming, leading to solutions like blockchain for the industry.”
Above: Female esports players are on the rise.
New accessibility to a variety of games is also rapidly changing demographics among gamers, particularly among women who are quickly approaching men in terms of purchasing power within the video game marketplace.
Mobile and PC gaming in particular have made it easy for women to play video games, leading to an increase year over year in total video game marketplace share for women. Additionally, data shows that 22 percent of esports teams are now female, and 30 percent of gamers on YouTube are women.
Research study findings revealed that the average number of hours spent per week gaming has increased by 33 percent since 2016 for gamers ages 15–19 while adults age 55-plus have increased video game usage by 16 percent since 2016. While 81.5 percent of Twitch users are male, research shows women are increasingly dominating the video game marketplace. In 2016, women represented 47 percent of the video game marketplace, and in 2019, that number is expected to change to 50 percent.
Above: Women are making a difference in gaming.
By 2020, it is projected that 51 percent of gamers will be women, the first time women will surpass men in the category, representing a fundamental shift in gaming due to the rise in mobile gaming.
Mobile analytics and sales reports are showing that more than 75 percent of female gamers are playing on mobile phones, and 60 percent are playing on tablets; 68 percent of the mobile game revenue is coming from females.
“Now that developers know their audience is relatively split evenly between sexes, we believe there will be an increase in female lead characters and new games designed with both parties in mind,” said Yum. “With the right game, female influencers will eventually rise and play a major role in the Leisure Economy. As for purchasing power, we believe it won’t be affected by sex but by the actual influencer’s unique personalities, traits and offerings.”
Above: Newzoo sees live esports viewership growing for some big events.
Professional gaming has continued to evolve with new structures set by powerful leagues like Overwatch and esports teams, which now hold significant monetary value in the space. In fact, esports events have become so big that their total monetary value surpasses the biggest events on the planet, including the Super Bowl.
The rise of esports began with the popularity of League of Legends, and as the game grew in popularity, Twitch became the only destination to officially watch the stream. The League of Legends Twitch channel became the first to ever reach 1 billion views. In May 2018, the Mid-Season Invitational brought in 127 million viewers, which topped the 2018 
.
Today, Twitch has 15 million daily active users, 2.2 million creators, 27,000 members in the Twitch Partner Program, and averages 23 billion minutes of viewed content per month.
Research study findings reveal the rise of esports and influencers, supported by global communities like Twitch, will lead to drastic increases in nontraditional revenue streams — potentially equating 60 percent to 70 percent of revenue for gamers — including ad revenue, subscriptions, sponsorships, and donations.
Above: The global games business
Ad revenue splits in 2019 will represent $2.50 per monthly average viewer count — by 2021, revenue splits will represent $6 per monthly average viewer count, a 140% increase in three years.
Sponsorship revenue streams are expected to rise from a projected $2 per viewer per hour in 2019 to $7 per viewer per hour in 2021, a 250 percent increase.
Gamers have the most earning power between the ages of 18–24, with many gamers forgoing college to join a clan or play full time while others are seeking colleges that view esports and gaming as a legitimate profession.
“With the exception of YouTube, Twitch has undoubtedly been the most disruptive service that has changed the video gaming landscape,” said Yum. “They created a social platform that not only unites gamers with their audiences, but allows them to express their unique personalities. More importantly Twitch shifted the entire gaming ecosystem by giving gamers substantial power through their influence and new revenue streams.”
YouTube, Twitch, and the many other media channels created for the industry are the key drivers behind gamers becoming celebrities and influencers within the industry. The earning power of video gamers as part of the Leisure Economy is so significant that four of the top six YouTube earners are video game influencers — all earning more than $10 million annually from their channel alone.
The Twitch platform is also changing the way games are being made and updated. For example, a major Hearthstone interactive integration with Twitch was updated so viewers can interact with the player’s cards in real time. Meanwhile, pro gamers are finding new audiences for hardcore, difficult games like Dark Souls — with average compensation based on donations increasing by 550 percent since 2016.
With the advent of “Twitch Bait,” something that keeps both the streamer and the audience interested and engaged, the expectation is that donation-based compensation will only continue to increase.
“In summary, our findings show that the Leisure Economy is not just growing — it is booming,” said Yum. “We expect this growth trend to continue into the foreseeable future. There is no ceiling for the
industry, and there is definitely no ceiling for the Leisure Economy.”
The venture business is all about 
, relationships, and reputation. Since launching my fund almost a year ago, I’ve learned that limited partners (LPs) will inevitably influence your firm’s culture in one way or another — and I think a lot about how to manage this so that we nurture our community in a way that helps our portfolio companies feel safe and grow.
For fund managers, an LP has much more influence than just cash in an account, especially in the early stages. For new managers, there’s always a temptation to quickly raise money instead of raising the right money. I love fundraising and think the right LP set and structure is one of the most interesting things about managing a fund. Here are the key elements you should consider when choosing individual LPs or family offices for your fund.
From the outset, it is critical to identify whether or not you as a fund manager and the potential LP share like-minded values. This includes, for example, your approach to decision-making and your relationship with truth. If you have doubts about the fit, it probably isn’t a good match for the long term. If they like to lie and you don’t, there’s no point doing business together. That’s not even because of ethics; it’s because these relationships will crash. If they want to have control and you need independence, you’ll also run into problems. Enter only relationships where your independence would be valued. For example, when choosing a limited partner, I first ask myself if I’m ready to respond to their text messages within a few minutes for the next 10 years of my life.
There is a reason I feel so strongly about the values of my LPs. The influence that a limited partner has on your culture can, and will, find its way into how you build and maintain relationships with your portfolio companies and will impact the types of teams you attract. Having particular investors in your network — and in your life, to be honest — will shape the dynamic, again and again. If a limited partner has negative values, or doesn’t treat you well, that could rub off on you and how you relate to your own founders. Remember that these individuals became LPs because they are successful. When they enter your orbit, they give you a snippet of one version of success. Whether you realize it or not, you may begin to project different — and potentially contradictory — ways of thinking about success onto your portfolio. Another important thing to find out is their relationship with risk. It’s important to make sure you’re not pulled out of your comfort zone.
My rule of thumb when working with founders is that if I don’t understand them well enough to introduce them to other founders, or the media, I will not invest in them. I keep the same rule for LPs: In order to nurture a healthy culture, they must thoroughly understand us, and we must thoroughly understand them.
What we do should not be perceived as magic to potential LPs who don’t have a background in tech. Instead, as fund managers, we want to explain to them how venture capital works. Stepping outside of your comfort zone to better understand those who are different from you can result in unexpected partnerships that end up being the best, culturally, that you could hope for. The worst thing you can do is to sign up someone with a lack of knowledge about tech and venture. This is a path to nowhere as this person would not be helpful and can even harm your reputation not being able to explain why they made this investment.
There is something to be said for partnering with the right LP at the wrong time. If the LP is the right fit culturally, but they just bought a house or made a major investment, perhaps it is not the right time. Even when I meet the right LP, I still ask myself if now is a good time based on what is currently going on in their life, or if I should be patient and wait a few months, or even one or two years. This has nothing to do with whether or not I’m impressed by the person or the opportunity. It can simply come down to changing priorities and the curveballs that life throws at us. Realistically, immediately investing in your fund is not an urgent life priority in most cases. Give potential LPs as much time as they need instead of forcing them into a relationship with you and your fund.
Don’t close off relationships with people who choose not to become an LP. You would be surprised at how many great things you can accomplish together if you don’t burn bridges every time someone doesn’t immediately invest in you.
Beta test your relationships. If you don’t have any working experience with someone, try to do something small with them such as making an introduction or asking for feedback on your startup. See how they work and give them a chance to see how you work and think. Your direct experience working and collaborating with people is always the best way to find out if the relationship is going to work.
The investor’s culture influences their portfolio culture. Fund managers depending on the owner of the money to make decisions would be akin to editorial departments at media companies depending on the owners of companies to make decisions about what news they publish. Fund managers have to be independent; we get hired because we think differently, and this is how we help LPs come to the returns they want to receive. That special something in your approach to vetting companies or how you help portfolio companies grow should be based on shared values that enable you to add value to what the LP already has. If your investor sees opportunities in products for millennials and you’re a millennial with an investment background and experience working with these kinds of products, then the value-add is clear. If they want to invest in e-commerce for females and you’re a female with the right background, you would be a value-add.
Ideally, you want to have a few investors with strategic expertise in the fields you’re focused on and with access to valuable networks you don’t yet have access to.
Half of the success of any relationship is results; the other half is the experience you share in working towards your shared goal. It’s important to work with limited partners who believe in this, too. When appropriate, and if the LP desires it, I’ve seen how amazing it can be to grow partnerships through inviting LPs into new deals, involving them in the reviewing of portfolio opportunities, or making an introduction when it can be valuable for their main business. It’s important to understand that your LPs hire you to do work for them, not to work for you. So make sure these activities are mutually desirable and interesting for them as well.
Above all, perhaps, it’s important to have LPs around you that you feel are developing you and making you better.
In general, you want to have between 10 and 20 LPs for your first fund, but you really can’t have too many investors. Keep in mind you need to be available to your investors and have time to share your work with them, and help them out when they’re in need.
The rules above helped me find investors who are extremely supportive. I couldn’t have expected how it would be to work together and how many times their advice has saved us. A great partner will bring you knowledge, connections, and ideas that make you grow. If it turns out right, you’ll get life-long partners and friends.
China will overtake Europe in artificial intelligence research paper output within the next four years if current trends continue, according to a report released today by business analytics company Elsevier.
The report found that the U.S., home to tech giants like Google, Amazon, and Facebook, has succeeded in attracting the top talent in artificial intelligence. It also shows that research in the U.S. is shifting from academic settings to research operations within large tech companies.
China started to outpace research from the U.S. in total number of papers published in 2004, the report said.
“China aspires to lead globally in AI and is supported by ambitious national policies,” the report reads. “A net brain gain of AI researchers in China also suggests an attractive research environment. China’s AI focuses on computer vision and does not have a dedicated natural language processing and knowledge representation cluster, including speech recognition, possibly because this type of research in China is conducted by corporations that may not publish as many scientific articles.”
In addition to a growing body of research from companies like Baidu and Tencent, China is home to some of the best-funded AI companies on Earth.
Earlier this week, for example, news emerged that Face++ parent company Megvii is 
.
In addition to reports 
 and the 
 that chart China’s growing AI dominance, tech luminaries like Dr. Kai-Fu Lee and 
 — who have spent time in leadership positions at top tech companies in the U.S. and China — have predicted that Chinese AI initiatives will overtake those in other parts of the world in the years ahead.
Despite the total number of papers published, Chinese AI research papers have not seen as much citation among peers, a trend that could be a symptom of regional rather than global reach, the report found.
Globally, the number of AI research papers published has increased 12.9 percent in the past five years, while Arxiv preprints in core AI subject areas, like natural language processing and computer vision, has grown 37 percent in the past five years.
India is currently third in output of AI research papers, behind the U.S. and China. Germany and Japan rank fifth and sixth worldwide in AI research paper output, while Iran, in ninth place, ranks alongside countries like France and Canada.
Publication categories that have seen the highest level of growth in that period include machine learning and probabilistic reasoning, computer vision, and neural networks.
When considered as a region, Europe currently leads the world in scholarly output related to artificial intelligence, according to the report.
The annual 
 released last year by venture capital firm Atomico urged greater connections between the region’s tech sector and research institutions in order to compete with China and the U.S.
      
    
  
BETHESDA, Md.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 11, 2018–
      BrainScope
, a medical neuro-technology company focused on       concussion and mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI) assessment, announced       today that Ron Klain, Executive Vice President and General Counsel of       the investment firm Revolution, has joined BrainScope’s Board of       Directors.    
      Klain has served as Chief of Staff to U.S. Vice Presidents Joe Biden and       Al Gore and Attorney General Janet Reno, was the White House Ebola       Response Coordinator, and served as a Senior Aide to President Obama. He       was also a Partner and National Practice Group Chair at O’Melveny &       Myers LLP. He gained national notice as General Counsel for the Gore       Recount Committee in 2000, in recognition of which he was selected as       one of National Law Journal’s “Lawyers of the Year” and was featured in       the HBO film 
. Active in a number of civic and non-profit       groups, he has served as Chairman of the Board of the Vice President’s       Residence Foundation, and a member of the Board of Visitors of Harvard       Law School. He serves as a contributing columnist at The Washington       Post. Klain is a summa cum laude graduate of Georgetown University       (where he serves as an Adjunct Professor) and holds a JD, magna cum       laude, from Harvard Law School, where he was an Editor of the Harvard       Law Review. He follows in holding the BrainScope Board seat previously       held by Jean Case.    
      “We are thrilled to have Ron join our Board of Directors, providing       exceptional private and public sector expertise, and notably in public       health. Ron adds additional expertise to our existing Board of       Directors, being highly accomplished in industry, the government and       healthcare. We also greatly appreciate and recognize the substantial       contributions from Jean Case over her many years of service on the       Board,” stated Dan Moore, BrainScope Chairman.    
      Ron Klain added, “As a member of the Revolution team that first backed       BrainScope more than a decade ago — and the father of two sons who have       experienced concussions — I’m honored to join BrainScope’s Board of       Directors and be a part of its important and innovative work. I believe       that BrainScope has already shown its potential to be truly       transformative in this critical field, and I look forward to working       with my fellow Board members and the BrainScope team in growing the       company and its impact.”    
      
    
      BrainScope’s mission is to revolutionize the rapid and objective       assessment of brain-related conditions, starting with concussion and       mild traumatic brain injury, utilizing multiple integrated assessment       capabilities, artificial intelligence (AI) and digitization within a       culture of quality, excellence and entrepreneurialism. The Company’s       first product, 
(cleared as Ahead 300),       incorporates a multi-modal panel of capabilities including EEG-based       technology that is non-invasive for mildly presenting head-injured       patients, 18-85 years old, within 3 days after injury and is not a       replacement to CT scan. BrainScope’s technology platform integrates       databases of thousands of brainwave recordings with AI technology and       miniaturized hardware and disposable headset sensors, all of which are       covered by an extensive intellectual property portfolio of over 100       issued and pending patents globally. BrainScope has received five FDA       clearances and ISO 13485 Certification. It has 25 peer-reviewed       publications on its technology. Recent white papers authored by third       parties have shown the potential for 
 to       decrease unnecessary head CT scans by one-third, to reduce head injury       referrals to hospital emergency departments by up to 75%, and to reduce       healthcare costs for payers and patients by over 30%.    
      BrainScope has partnered with the U.S. Department of Defense for the       development of its mTBI and concussion assessment technology, and 
 is currently being fielded by the U.S. military, both stateside       and internationally. 
 is also being utilized       in a cross-section of market segments including: urgent care and       occupational health clinics; concussion clinics; hospital emergency       rooms; university sports and student health centers; professional       sports; and pharmaceutical clinical trials. BrainScope has been the       recipient of several prestigious awards, including the Frost & Sullivan       2017 Best Practices Award for New Product Innovation in the Traumatic       Brain Injury Assessment Solutions Market, was a two-time winner of the       GE-NFL Head Health Challenge, and has received two nominations for the       Prix Galien Best Medical Technology, regarded as the equivalent of the       Nobel Prize for medical devices. For more information, please visit 
.    
      Laurie Silver
P: 240-752-7680
E: 
    
(
) — Apple has launched its mobile payments service in Germany, 
 in the United States and trailing Google, which started its payments app in the country 
.
Customers at banks such as Deutsche Bank, Commerzbank unit Comdirect, Hypovereinsbank, Wirecard, Hanseatic Bank and of credit card providers Mastercard, Visa and American Express will from Tuesday be able to use Apple’s Boon app, the companies said in separate statements.
Retailers such as discounters Aldi and Lidl, supermarket chain Kaufland, drugstores Rossmann and DM, department store chain Kaufhof, clothing retailers H&M, Esprit, C&A and Zara as well as consumer electronics chain MediaMarkt will accept payment with the app, which allows customers to pay contactless by holding their smartphone in front of a payment terminal.
While Apple has already launched its payment services in 20 other countries including France, Poland and Switzerland, a fight over fees had delayed the start in Germany.
(
)
PayPal is opening its Xoom international money transfer service outside the U.S., starting with Canada.
Xoom, for the uninitiated, allows you to send money, add credit to mobile phones, or pay bills to anyone in more than 130 countries, with Xoom taking a 3.93 percent cut.
Founded out of San Francisco in 2001, Xoom went on to raise more than $100 million in funding 
, before being brought back to the private sphere by PayPal, which 
 in 2015. A year later, PayPal 
.
So far, Xoom has only been open to payments emanating from the U.S., but its Canada launch today kick-starts a broader international rollout with more markets being added in the coming months. PayPal wouldn’t confirm which markets would be next.
“The traditional methods of sending money abroad are slow, expensive and stressful for both the sender and the receiver,” noted Xoom VP and general manager Julian King. “Senders are often faced with worry about when, or if, their money will reach their loved ones. As a disruptive digital remittance provider, Xoom is helping to eliminate these inconveniences so it’s fast and easy for Canadians to send money abroad for cash pickups, bank deposits, reloading prepaid phones and paying bills for loved ones back home — all from the comfort of their homes or from their mobile devices.”
A number of players exist within the international money transfer realm, including established giants such as Western Union and MoneyGram, while several well-funded fintech startups have emerged in recent years to help people send money abroad. Indeed, 
 and 
 more than $700 million between them.
Above: Xoom homepage
The global remittance market — payments made by an individual working abroad to someone in their home country — grew seven percent last year to $617 billion, 
, and is expected to increase by a further 10.3 percent this year to around $690 billion. Remittances 
, and play a crucial part in international development.
India tops the remittance recipient market, 
 received this year, and Canada is home to 
 anywhere in the world. Moreover, some 
 is sent from Canada to other countries each year, so opening to Canada makes a great deal of sense as a starting point in Xoom’s global expansion.
From today, Xoom users in Canada can send up to $12,500 CAD in a single transaction to any of the 130+ supported countries, either directly to a bank account or as cash for pick-up or delivery. Existing PayPal users in Canada can log in to Xoom with their PayPal credentials.
Used car marketplace 
 has closed a whopping $146 million series G round of funding led by automotive retail giant AutoNation, with participation from “funds and accounts” advised by T. Rowe Price Associates, L Catterton, General Catalyst Partners, and Fraser McCombs Capital, as well as a bunch of individual investors.
Founded out of New York in 2013, Vroom serves as a platform for buying, selling, and trading in second-hand vehicles that are delivered direct to the buyer’s door. The company also offers financing services to help fund transactions.
Prior to now, Vroom had raised around $294 million, and with another $146 million in the bank, it said that it plans to “enhance key technologies and processes,” as well as build its customer base and make new hires.
“We are incredibly encouraged by this recent round of funding as investors, including those in the traditional auto retail space, continue to recognize that the Vroom model is the way of the future,” noted Vroom CEO Paul Hennessy.
Above: Vroom
The news comes 
 Vroom laid off between 25-50 percent of its workforce, and ceased operations in Dallas and Indiana, before reports started to 
 that Vroom was setting out to raise as much as $70 million in fresh funding. Given that the startup has now raised more than double that figure, this should position it well to compete with others in the space including 
, which 
 $140 million in a round of funding led by automotive retailer Lithia — a deal reminiscent of Vroom’s latest raise.
Elsewhere, Phoenix-based Carvana raised nearly $1 billion in debt and equity funding ahead of its IPO last year, with its shares currently sitting at a little more than double its $15 IPO price.
Second-hand cars represent a $750 billion industry in the U.S. alone, and this is seemingly why investors are keen to get a piece of the used car marketplace pie.
“The fact that the largest auto retailer in the country is now backing Vroom speaks to the quality of the execution of the company’s management team and what we believe is the company’s ability to become much larger over time,” added Henry Ellenbogen, portfolio manager at T. Rowe Price Associates.
, which wants to bring high-resolution audio to wireless speakers, has announced a global collaboration with 
.
San Jose, California-based Summit Wireless is a publicly traded company that makes wireless sound technology, including chips that are used in consumer products from the likes of Harman Kardon and Bang & Olufsen. A billion units of speakers are sold each year in the U.S., but most of them are wired. Summit Wireless is enabling a generation of home theater wireless speakers with an entry price of $600, significantly less than similar products on the market.
Summit Wireless is a founding member of WiSA, the 
, and LG will leverage Summit technology and WiSA Certification to make its 2019 lines of OLED and flagship UHD LCD TVs ‘WiSA Ready’ and compatible with WiSA USB Transmitters and speakers.
LG’s 2019 WiSA Ready TVs aim for low-latency, seamless speaker synchronization and hi-fidelity sound via a range of already available WiSA Certified intelligent speakers from global providers such as Klipsch, Bang & Olufsen, Axiim, and Enclave Audio.
Most speaker companies have been making wired home audio products for home theaters with as many as seven speakers and subwoofers for Dolby 7.1 systems. But Summit Wireless helped form the WiSA wireless standards body in order to work with major consumer electronics brands to establish certified standards for interoperability and eliminate complicated setups.
WiSA components deliver wireless, multi-channel audio capabilities and authentic concert-quality sound. This offers consumers a reliable and flawless experience with wireless home theater sound, the companies said.
“Intelligent TVs are the centerpiece of today’s next generation home entertainment systems, and audio is essential to the overall experience,” said Tim Alessi, senior director of product marketing at LG Electronics, in a statement. “With WiSA Ready displays, we recognize the tremendous benefits that consumers will enjoy in taking advantage of truly immersive, wireless sound that complements all kinds of big screen home entertainment, from movies and video to games, esports, and more.”
The full range of Summit’s WiSA technology enables up to eight channels of uncompressed 24-bit audio capable of supporting the latest audio decode formats, including Dolby ATMOS and DTS X, for an immersive sound experience.
Summit’s network performance reduces latency to a negligible 5 milliseconds that doesn’t vary with network loading, up to 20 times better than standard Bluetooth and Wi-Fi technologies.
Summit has patents on algorithms for active detection, avoidance, and prioritization technology that more than doubles wireless network capacity. That helps eliminate interference from surrounding wireless networks.
“LG is a brand synonymous with leadership, innovation, and quality, and together we are championing the WiSA industry standard, which delivers wireless, immersive, hi-fidelity sound capabilities with tremendous benefits to both manufacturers and consumers worldwide,” said Brett Moyer, president and CEO of Summit Wireless Technologies, in a statement. “WiSA Ready LG TVs are an integral part of our delivering next generation audio to a mass, global market with seamless compatibilities and ease of setup.”
 Computer hardware maker Super Micro Computer told customers on Tuesday that an outside investigations firm had found no evidence of any malicious hardware in its current or older-model motherboards.
In a letter to customers, the San Jose, California, company said it was not surprised by the result of the review it commissioned in October after a 
 that spies for the Chinese government had tainted Super Micro equipment to eavesdrop on its clients.
Super Micro had 
 made in the report.
A person familiar with the analysis told Reuters it had been conducted by global firm Nardello & Co and that customers could ask for more detail on that company’s findings.
Nardello tested samples of motherboards in current production and versions that were sold to Apple and Amazon.com, which were both named in the article, the person said.
It also examined software and design files without finding any unauthorized components or signals being sent out.
He said the company was still reviewing its legal options.
Apple, Amazon and U.S. and U.K. officials have all 
 of 
 via Super Micro.
, a digital design platform for testing and prototyping software products, has raised $115 million in a series F round of funding led by Spark Capital, with participation from Battery Ventures, Iconiq Capital, Tiger Global Management, FirstMark, Geodesic Capital, and Goldman Sachs.
Atlassian also invested in the round as part of a 
 announced back in August.
Founded out of New York in 2011, InVision offers a suite of products designed to centralize the software product design process, covering such areas as mobile and web app prototyping and wireframing. The company claims some big-name clients, including Twitter, Uber, Slack, Netflix, Spotify, Toyota, Amazon, and NASA. And alongside today’s funding news, it revealed it now has 5 million users across 60,000 companies.
InVision had previously raised around $235 million, including a 
 last November, and with another $115 million in the bank it’s well-financed to continue its push against other notable names in the space, including Adobe, which 
 its Adobe XD prototyping and wireframing tool last October.
There has been a ton of investment in the “backend” DevOps realm this year, with 
, GitLab 
, and Microsoft 
. Indeed, it seems practically every company can now call itself a digital company, but the backend and front end go hand in hand, which is why UI testing and prototyping tools like InVision are appealing to investors.
Last month, Atomico 
 in UI prototyping platform Framer, while back in February Figma 
 for its browser-based interface design tool.
“Compelling product experiences have become the deciding factor in the battle for the hearts and minds of every customer on the planet,” said InVision cofounder and CEO Clark Valberg. “With most customer experiences now happening on a screen, every organization is waking up to the strategic centrality of great digital product design. It’s Amazon versus Walmart, Uber versus Lyft, Airbnb versus Marriott, Chase versus Capital One — whichever experience the customer feels most connected to wins. And the economic impact of those clicks is reshaping every single industry.”
As a result of Spark Capital leading the round, general partner Megan Quinn, who is also a former product chief at Google and Square, will join InVision’s board of directors.
“Clark and the team at InVision were early to recognize the growing importance of product design for companies of all sizes and in all industries,” Quinn added. “The InVision product suite enables designers to create and collaborate with colleagues throughout the product development process, ultimately servicing the entire organization.”
Microsoft’s 
 program, which kicked off in June 2017, has provided cloud-based tools and AI services to dozens of organizations “working to protect our planet,” in the words of Microsoft president and chief legal officer Brad Smith. It’s committed to investing $50 million over the next four years to fund AI development across five key areas — agriculture, biodiversity, conservation, climate change, and water. Today, at an event at the National Geographic headquarters in Washington, D.C., Microsoft and National Geographic jointly revealed 11 winners of the 
.
The recipients hail from six countries and eight regions across five continents and were selected from a pool of more than 200 applicants. They’ll be awarded between $45,000 and $200,000 from a prize pool of $1.28 million — larger than the initially planned $1 million — to support the creation and deployment of open source models and algorithms. Additionally, they’ll be granted free access to machine learning tools on Microsoft’s Azure platform and affiliation with National Geographic Labs, National Geographics’ initiative to “accelerate … solutions” to the world’s biggest challenges with data, technology, and innovation.
“We’re well aware of the power of taking machine learning-based approaches to solving problems,” Lucas Joppa, chief environmental officer at Microsoft, told VentureBeat in a phone interview. “We’re also aware that creating machine learning-based solutions is somewhat arduous. [When we started the AI for Earth program], we thought really hard about what [Microsoft is] good at and how we could partner with organizations to accelerate broader programmatic goals.”
As for National Geographic, which recently celebrated its 130-year anniversary of grant-making, the AI for Earth Innovation Grant program advances its mission to invest in “bold people and transformative ideas” in the fields of “exploration, scientific research, storytelling, and education,” explained Jonathan Baillie, executive vice president and chief scientist of the National Geographic Society.
“The National Geographic Society is committed to achieving a planet in balance, and in joining forces with Microsoft on the AI for Earth Innovation Grant program we are providing incredible potential to drive fundamental change through our unique combination of expertise in conservation, computer science, capacity building, and public engagement,” he said. “We look forward to seeing these talented individuals create solutions to some of the most challenging environmental issues of the 21st century using the most advanced technologies available today.”
Here’s the list of award recipients:
Not counting today’s grantees, Microsoft’s AI for Earth program has awarded grants to 202 projects in 57 countries. In addition to grants, it provides “advanced training” to universities and NGOs leveraging AI in their projects and “substantial investments” to the most promising startups.
“When you think about all of life on Earth, there’s an estimated 10 million species or more, and we’ve only discovered 1.5 or 2 million of them,” Joppa said. “There’s so little we know about the natural world, [and] the technology sector has the potential to accelerate the next phase of Earth exploration … I wake up incredibly enthusiastic about how much there is left to be discovered.”
AI for Earth grants, specifically for data-labeling services and Azure compute — the latter of which will be awarded in the amounts of $5,000, $10,000, or $15,000, depending on the scope of the project — remain available to interested teams and parties. The next 
 is January 7, 2019.
AI for Earth is Microsoft’s first major “AI for good” initiative. Its second — 
 — was announced in May and will award $25 million over the next five years to developers, NGOs, and others making AI-fueled solutions that serve those with disabilities. The Seattle company announced its third initiative — 
 — in September, a $40 million program focused on refugees and displaced people, the needs of children, disaster response, and human rights.
HubSpot today announced the launch of 
, a $30 million fund to support enterprise startups raising early-stage funding.
The newly formed investment arm of the marketing and sales company will support seed, Series A, and Series B rounds, with limited support for Series C rounds.
HubSpot has previously invested in a collection of marketing startups, like 
 and 
, but this is its first venture fund. Its most recent investment was in website design company Lorem in October. HubSpot has invested in a total of 10 startups since it 
The new fund will focus on investments in companies building software-as-a-service (SaaS) products for establishing long-term relationships with customers.
The fund will seek to participate in funding rounds but will not look to lead them, a company spokesperson said.
HubSpot Ventures wants to be more than a provider of capital and will ask companies that receive investments to take assessment tests. The results of these assessments will determine tactical guidance from subject matter experts, as well as coaching and go-to-market strategy, a company spokesperson told VentureBeat in an email.
A swath of public and private metrics will be used to determine the success of companies that receive investments, including customer and employee net promoter scores (
) and online reviews from websites like Glassdoor and Facebook.
No metric will be used to assess whether companies have an inclusive or diverse culture, but they will be asked to adhere to the HubSpot Culture Code, which outlines a commitment to fostering inclusive company culture.
“With HubSpot Ventures, we’re seeking out startups that are aligned with our mission to help millions of organizations grow better and add value to the ecosystem of companies benefiting from the HubSpot platform,” company cofounder and CTO Dharmesh Shah said in a statement shared with VentureBeat.
 scored a big deal with Google earlier this year when the partners announced AppOnboard’s tech would be used to bring playable demos directly into the 
. And now 
 said it has raised $30 million to fuel its expansion.
The “try now” button (dubbed App Store Demos) is prominently displayed right next to the purchase or download button, bringing mobile games one step closer to instantly playable games. That helps with discovery of games in the overcrowded mobile app store.
About $15 million was raised in April from Korea Investment Partners, Mirae Asset Management, Mantaray, MTG, and Runa Capital. Additional investment came from existing investors London Venture Partners, Troy Capital Partners, and Ophir Capital Group.
And now AppOnboard has raised another $15 million from a group led by Breakaway Growth, whose team includes Paul Heydon, seed investor in Supercell. Also participating in this round are new investors Tiller Partners & Rainier Partners, and existing investors.
The new funding is a result of the rapid growth and increasing global demand for its App Store Demos product and the AppOnboard app demo platform.
“We live in an era where users expect everything to be on-demand and at their fingertips, whether that is music, film and TV, transportation, food, home services, and more,” said Jonathan Zweig, CEO of AppOnboard, in a statement. “Apps are the final piece of digital media that are not currently on-demand, and we are excited to work with partners across the ecosystem to help solve this and power the on-demand revolution with our app demo technology.”
Above: AppOnboard has raised $15 million more than it did earlier this year.
Top global app publishers are leveraging AppOnboard app demo technology and tools to create and launch app demos fast and effectively. Previously, top developers had to commit internal engineering resources and months of development time to recreate their apps in a smaller, instant size.
“Our vision remains unchanged: that every app and game will be instant and on-demand for users to experience without a download,” said Bryan Buskas, chief operating officer at AppOnboard, in a statement. “We look forward to accelerating our growth with global developers and platform partners like Google to make this a reality for all mobile app users.”
Heydon and Chris Albinson run Breakaway Growth. Heydon was an early investor in AppOnboard and is also a longtime angel investor in the mobile and gaming space with investments in Supercell and Unity. He will also take a seat on AppOnboard’s Board of Directors. Albinson is currently chairman of omni-channel marketing platform, NinthDecimal, and was involved in early fundraising rounds of Pinterest, DocuSign, and Turo.
“The entire app store paradigm is about to change dramatically, and AppOnboard is perfectly positioned for this disruption,” said Heydon. “With its patented app demo technology and tools, users will now be able to experience their apps and games on-demand and without an install across various platforms, starting with Google.”
With the additional funds, AppOnboard also plans to expand globally in Europe and Asia with an office expansion planned in London and Seoul, specifically. AppOnboard headquarters is in Los Angeles, with two more offices in San Francisco and Seattle.
AppOnboard currently partners with Glu Mobile, FoxNext, Jam City, Kongregate, Huuuge Games, Seriously, and more. It is also offering a 30-day free trial for its App Store Demos product to any new app developer looking to build and launch a Google Play Instant app on the Google Play store. AppOnBoard has 80 employees.
Launching a new 5G network isn’t easy, requiring plenty of new cellular tower hardware, regulatory approvals, and consumer devices. Having previously promised to turn on its first U.S. 5G towers in 2019, T-Mobile surprisingly 
 today that it has launched a live commercial 5G network in Poland — the country’s first.
Like all of the 5G networks debuted to date, T-Mobile’s service in Poland is starting with a limited geographic area, with plans to expand over “the coming months and years.” Even so, the carrier’s 5G network is quite small: It’s currently being offered solely in central Warsaw, providing high-speed wireless access to business partners as they work to develop products and services for the mass market.
“We do not wait for the future; we create it today for Poland by building and launching the first 5G network in our country,” said T-Mobile Polska CEO Andreas Maierhofer. “It’s noteworthy that the installation we have launched today is not just an isolated test of our technology, but an actual fully fledged network of the fifth generation, which we will gradually expand and spread to other cities to ultimately cover the entire country.”
Interestingly, T-Mobile’s 5G network in Poland is using the 3.5GHz band — a “mid-band” radio frequency that will be used in Europe and Asia to provide faster speeds than 4G, but slower speeds than the millimeter wave technologies Verizon and AT&T are deploying in the United States. The U.S. only 
, and U.S. carriers are still developing their plans for it. Between its 
 and the 2.5GHz one it 
, T-Mobile appears set to use different radio frequencies in the U.S., potentially making its devices incompatible across countries.
Another wrinkle: Though it was left out of the company’s U.S. announcement, 
 to build its 5G network in Poland. The Chinese company has 
 for the entirety of 2018 due to questions over the security of its networking products and has seen its aggressively priced 5G hardware banned in several countries, 
.
T-Mobile parent company Deutsche Telekom flagged Poland a year ago as one of its key markets and signaled that the country would be one of the first in Europe to receive a 5G network. But the specific launch timing was ambiguous, and the company said two months ago that it 
. Regulatory and investment recoupment challenges in Europe have 
 across the region, even as live networks have launched 
 and 
.
Launching in Poland has given T-Mobile the opportunity to assert a “first” in the global race to 5G, though its use of Huawei hardware raises questions about what will actually happen with the network going forward. T-Mobile notes that its Warsaw network began by covering the center of the city with only five base stations, a scope that could make replacing the hardware easy if necessary.
 has signed up 22 publishers with 700 games for its alternative PC app store powered by blockchain technology. The announcement shows progress in the past year from San Diego, California-based 
, which 
 and other veterans started in an effort to change the way people buy games.
RobotCache plans to launch its digital PC games platform, just like Valve’s Steam digital distribution service, sometime next year. The big deal about this is that it plans to give game publishers and developers about 95 percent of the proceeds from game sales, rather than just 70 percent as Steam and others do. RobotCache will compete directly with the likes of Steam and GOG, and it hopes to sign up the major competitors.
Above: Lee Jacobson is CEO of RobotCache.
The company also plans to let users sell their games to secondary buyers. In those deals, the publisher gets 70 percent, the gamer gets 25 percent, and RobotCache gets 5 percent. Normally, publishers get nothing from used game sales.
“Reselling games is huge, with the publishers getting a cut, and gamers being able to make money,” Lee Jacobson, CEO of RobotCache, said in an interview with GamesBeat. “Some users want to monetize their digital library. They can play a game for a few months and then sell it back. Then they can use it to buy more games.”
A year ago, this was all talk. It’s not quite happening yet, but it’s a lot more real than it was.
“We are talking to everybody in the industry now,” Jacobson said. “This means that we will have the largest launch library in the history of video games.”
The newest publishers include 1C Publishing, Bigben Interactive, Ci Games, Dankie, Devolver Digital, Headup, Hyperkinetic Studios, Imgn.pro, Libredia, Playdius Games/Plug In Digital, Revival Productions, and Running with Scissors.
These publishers join previously announced 505 Games, Anuman Interactive, Entrada Interactive, Forthright Entertainment, inXile Entertainment, Maximum Games, Microids, Modus Games, Paradox Interactive, THQ Nordic, and Versus Evil on the Robot Cache platform.
Most of them were recruited in the past five months, after the company completed a lot of the work on the platform.
“Most people who saw what we did came on board,” Jacobson said.
Above: RobotCache keeps only 5 percent of store proceeds.
Everything turned out to be a lot harder in the beginning, as Jacobson said just about every publisher asked what blockchain — the decentralized ledger that is transparent and secure — was. Now, he said, they get it.
But it’s worth pointing out that some things have changed in the 
. A short time ago, Microsoft, the operator of the Windows Store that still takes its 30 percent cut from game sales, acquired 
, a video game publisher. That might inhibit Fargo’s ability to compete with Microsoft via Robot Cache. For now, Fargo is still chairman of RobotCache, but he is very busy with InXile work, Jacobson said.
On top of that, RobotCache has scrapped its plan to create its own ERC-20 utility crytocurrency, which it was planning to call Iron. U.S. regulators is looking down upon new offerings of cryptocurrency tokens through fundraising processes known as initial coin offerings (ICOs).
“The U.S. government has [frowned] on the utility token approach, and we didn’t want to go down that road of upsetting governmental authorities,” Jacobson said. “So we moved away from the ERC-20 cryptocurrency.”
Above: RobotCache lets you buy games with Iron currency.
Iron is still a virtual currency that you can win via “mining,” or permitting your computer to be used for blockchain processes. You can earn Iron via mining that you can then use to buy games. But you will no longer be able to buy Iron as a cryptocurrency. And that’s probably not so bad, as crypto prices have cratered and that has inhibited a lot of transcations with such currencies.
That didn’t torpedo the RobotCache plan because game publishers said they would rather be paid in cash or credit cards, rather than in a cryptocurrency that was subject to big valuation changes, Jacobson said.
It did, however, affect one part of the plan. Originally, RobotCache hoped to play its publishers a lot faster than other stores did, thanks to the efficiency of blockchain and crypto exchanges. But now it will pay publishers using the same methods that other stores use. It won’t be any faster, at least for now.
Above: RobotCache keeps only 5 percent of store proceeds.
But Jacobson said that the main benefit of the store is that it still only takes 5 percent for its cut. Even Epic Games, which launched the 
 last week, is taking a 12 percent cut of revenues. The secondary benefit of selling used games with publisher approval is also a big one.
These are, of course, areas where other blockchain alternative app stores can also be competitive.
“We welcome other stores coming to market because for too long, it has been a monopoly,” Jacobson said.
And, as mentioned, the Iron currency can still be used as a reward for mining and to purchase games. But it’s more like an airline mileage plan now, rather than a cryptocurrency.
“We are solving the hardest blockchain problems,” Jacobson said. “We hope to be one of the largest mining pools in the world with a big user base.”
Above: RobotCache’s store
One of the challenges ahead is getting bigger hit games to come to the store.
“People have a different sort of taste for different content,” Jacobson said. “There will be a combination of exclusives and big titles, as well as indie titles and good games that seem to come out of nowhere. We want to make sure we have a great playing field for everybody.”
Robot Cache plans to launch the platform sometime next year. It has deployed its 
, which will be used for online registration and analytics tools. Publishers can use it as a self-serve tool to submit games for approval and publication.
They can also use it to provide marketing assets and manage sales and reporting through robust analytics tools.
Robot Cache is ramping up toward the launch of Early Access, which is an opportunity for early adopters of the gaming community to gain access to the Robot Cache platform. Anyone who registers now and participates in Early Access will be a Robot Cache Founder, which access to rewards.
Besides Fargo and Jacobson, RobotCache’s leaders include Mark Caldwell(CTO), Laura Naviaux Sturr (CMO) and Philippe Erwin (general counsel and vice president of business development). The company has about 35 people altogether in San Diego and Barcelona, Spain.
Over time, Jacobson said the company will talk more about exclusives coming to its store.
“That topic comes up quite a bit,” Jacobson said. “We are in talks with everyone about that. We’ll have a lot more things to announce before we go live early next year.”
Mozilla today launched Firefox 64 for Windows, Mac, Linux, and Android. The release brings a feature recommender, multiple tab organization, an updated Task Manager with energy consumption, better scrolling on Android, and the usual bug fixes and improvements.
Firefox 64 for the desktop is available for download now on 
, and all existing users should be able to upgrade to it automatically. As always, the Android version is trickling out slowly on 
.
According to Mozilla, Firefox has 
 300 million active users. In other words, it’s a major platform that web developers must consider.
Firefox 64 for desktop brings a Contextual Feature Recommender (CFR), available only to U.S. users for now. Mozilla describes CFR as a “system that proactively recommends Firefox features and add-ons based on how you use the web.”
If you open multiple tabs and repeatedly use them, for example, Firefox may offer a feature called 
 and explain how it works. Firefox 64 can also recommend extensions, starting with these three: 
, 
, and 
.
Given the potential privacy implications, Mozilla is making a point of emphasizing that these CFR suggestions will not appear in Private Browsing mode. Mozilla also says it does not receive a copy of your Firefox browser history — the entire recommendation process happens locally.
Next, Firefox 64 introduces a way to organize multiple related tabs. You can now shift or ctrl-click multiple tabs from the tab bar and group them as you see fit. You can then mute, move, or bookmark grouped tabs. Firefox has plenty of third-party add-ons that let you organize tabs. Now the browser is getting some of the functionality built right in (although, 
).
Lastly, Firefox’s new Task Manager page (just navigate to about:performance or find it under “Other” in the main menu) now shows how much energy each tab is using. Mozilla is still building out this feature and will be adding more functionality in Firefox 65.
Firefox 64 also removes a bit of functionality. Most notably, the browser no longer natively supports RSS feeds — you’ll now need to install an add-on.
Here’s the full 
:
If you’re a web developer, more details are available for you here: 
.
Unfortunately, there are no major new features in this Firefox for Android release. Instead, expect bug fixes and a single improvement: You may notice a better scrolling experience.
Here’s the full 
:
Mozilla releases new Firefox versions every six to eight weeks, and Firefox 65 is currently slated for late January.
Developers have to contend with a firehose of log data every day — terabytes, in some cases. It’s enough to bring even the nimblest of DevOps teams to a crawl, particularly when something goes wrong.
Entrepreneurs Chris Nguyen and Lee Liu set out to address the information overload five years ago with 
, a Mountain View startup that emerged out of an internal tool they’d built for a previous company. LogDNA’s eponymous analytics suite is now used by more than 2,000 customers and tens of thousands of users, growth that’s boosted revenue five times over the previous year. This growth has attracted a throng of investors led by Emergence Capital, which contributed toward a $25 million series B funding round announced today. Y Combinator and Reddit cofounder Alexis Ohanian’s Initialized Capital also participated.
Nguyen, who serves as CEO, said the infusion of new capital will be used to scale LogDNA’s engineering, sales, and marketing teams.
“The evolution of microservices and Kubernetes have led to an inflection point where one size does not fit all when it comes to application insights. We have seen a shift to multi-cloud environments with data residing across multiple different infrastructures and regions,” he said. “LogDNA has a suite of modern offerings that are already resonating … We are excited to be able to expand on our solution and enable teams to view all of their log data regardless of data residency and infrastructure.”
LogDNA runs in the cloud or on-premises, and offers a streamlined UI that lets developers narrow down log lines by filters or search using standard terms, excludes, or chained operators. Thanks to built-in auto-parsing and graph support for “most” popular formats, developers can use natural language to jump to specific points in time and create custom alerts for certain queries, hosts, and apps.
Above: A screenshot of LogDNA’s dashboard.
There’s a proactive component, as well. Nguyen says the company is investing heavily in machine learning that will prevent server outages and surface data to mitigate outages.
LogDNA is as robust as they come, collecting logs across multiple deployments from more than 30 of the industry’s most popular environments including Amazon Web Services, Heroku, and Elastic. The platform juggles hundreds of thousands of log events per second and more than 20 terabytes per customer per day, Nguyen claims, all while offering SOC2, HITECH, PCI-DSS, and HIPAA-compliant logging.
LogDNA has competition in spades, to be fair — Loggly, Logentries, Sumo Logic, and Scalyr come to mind — but it’s managed to snag big accounts like Instacart, OpenAI, WayUp, Life360, Lime, and Lifesize in part thanks to an attractive pricing scheme. Customers pay per gigabyte — or, if they’re on the smaller side, take advantage of LogDNA’s free plan.
“As every company in the world becomes a software company, a solution that can quickly and securely analyze logs from multiple clouds and on-premise servers is critical to maximize uptime across the board,” Emergence Capital general partner Joe Floyd said. “Our entire team agreed that LogDNA has the core functionality, intuitive interface and smart scaling capabilities to be that indispensable solution, and thus we are thrilled to partner with them to bring this game-changer to market.”
LogDNA previously raised 
 from Initialized Capital and Skype cofounder Jaan Tallinn in July 2016, and subsequently $6.7 million from Initialized Capital in series A funding last year. To date, it’s raked in close to $34 million.
How does Amazon’s Alexa know whether 
 refers to the book, soundtrack, or movie? With the help of artificial intelligence (AI), of course — specifically, the subfield of natural language processing. In a 
 today, Chengwei Su, a senior applied scientist in the Alexa AI Natural Understanding group, detailed a system that allows the AI models responsible for Alexa’s core domains — such as books, movies, and videos — to improve in accuracy independent of the others.
The research will be presented at the IEEE Spoken Language Technologies event in Athens, Greece later this month, and Su says the work is already in production.
“[Domain] models are trained on different data, so there’s no guarantee that their probability estimates are compatible,” he wrote. “Should a 70 percent estimate from Music be given priority over a 68 percent estimate from Books, or is it possible that, when it comes to Mary Poppins, the Music model is slightly overconfident?”
Here’s how it works: First, the domain models rank hypotheses according to their confidence scores, which are reranked according to weights — values signaling the importance of the input. Those weights are additionally used to classify utterances (i.e., voice commands) by the action the user wants to perform (intent) and the data item the intent is supposed to act upon (slot), factoring in contextual information such as device type. (On the Fire TV, for instance, more precedence is given to Video domain hypotheses than on voice-only speakers.)
“Within the Music domain, for instance, the utterance ‘play Thriller’ would probably call up the PlayMusic intent (as opposed to, say, the CreateList intent),” Su explains, “but the slot classifier might assign similar probabilities to the classifications of the word ‘Thriller’ as AlbumName and SongName.”
Su and colleagues fed the domain-specific reranking models both the domain classification probability for each utterance and the most probable intent and slot hypotheses in order to account for cases where the intent confidence might be more important than domain confidence. After sufficient training, it learned to produce separate weights for domain, intent, and slot.
“The advantage of this approach is that each domain can update its own weighting system whenever required, and multiple domains can perform updates in parallel, which is more efficient,” Su said.
The update comes a day after Alexa gained a 
, including the ability to set location-based routines and reminders, discover and call local businesses and restaurants via voice requests, sift through multiple email inboxes for important messages, and more. Just last week, Amazon’s Alexa team launched a self-learning system that “detects the defects in Alexa’s understanding and 
 without the need for human intervention, and a 
 feature that allows users to find new playlists through voice.
Also last week, Amazon debuted 
, a feature that lets customers tackle uncommon questions by submitting answers that may be distributed to millions of Alexa users around the world.
Perennially popular GIF search engine Giphy is rolling out a deeper integration with iPhone keyboards today, along with a new tool for making stickers.
The new features, according to Giphy, were enabled in part by its acquisition of TapSlash in January of this year. TapSlash once 
, which was basically a mobile search engine that made it easy to share content without switching apps. The New York-based startup had received around $1.4 million in funding, according to Crunchbase 
, with none other than Giphy CEO Alex Chung investing as part of a 2015 seed round that included Techstars and Betaworks (which, as it happens, was also an early investor in Giphy).
As a result of the acquisition, which is being announced for the first time today, TapSlash’s five-person team joined Giphy, with TapSlash CEO Cem Kozinoglu heading up Giphy’s mobile app division. And TapSlash itself has been wound down, with its website now redirecting to Giphy.
It’s worth noting here that Giphy is already integrated into a number of third-party messaging apps — for example, Instagram recently 
 to let people send GIFs to friends in private messages. But with the Giphy keyboard extension, it takes just a couple of taps on the keyboard to access Giphy’s gargantuan arsenal of GIFs inside any app that supports multimedia messaging.
As a side note, Giphy actually 
 for iOS called Giphy Keys back in 2016; however, that seems to have disappeared from the App Store — we’ll update here if or when we hear back from Giphy on the matter.
Once you’ve updated to the new Giphy app, you will be asked to add Giphy as a new keyboard in your device settings. Then you can tap the little globe icon on your keyboard and switch the language to “Giphy” whenever you want to search for a new GIF. But you will have to switch back to your normal language settings when you want to continue a regular word-based conversation with friends.
Above: Giphy keyboard extension in iOS
In the second new feature today, those with iPhone X models and above will now be able to create their own animated stickers using the Giphy keyboard extension, or inside the Giphy app itself using the Giphy sticker maker. To access this feature, hit the “add GIF” button, toggle to “sticker,” and then record whatever you want to turn into a sticker. This can be added to your own Giphy account to use wherever you want.
Above: Giphy: Sticker maker GIF
The humble GIF has been thriving over the more than three decades since it was first introduced. This has been partially due to the rise of mobile messaging — why bother expressing an emotion in words when you can send a colorful looping video instead?
Back in March, Google 
, which had raised more than $30 million in funding. And Giphy itself has raised north of $150 million in funding since its inception in 2013, with big-name backers including GV, the venture arm of Google’s parent company Alphabet, DFJ, and Lightspeed.
Although stories about 
 and government agencies tend to dominate the headlines, hackers are just as interested (if not more interested) in breaking into personal computers and smartphones.
With just a few lines of code, cyber thieves can access everything from your browsing history to your banking information from across the globe, and a Virtual Private Network (VPN) is your first and most important line of defense against these digital intrusions.
But not all VPNs are created equal. 
 is an award-winning service that offers unparalleled protection without inhibiting your browsing speed, and right now a Lifetime Premium Subscription is available for 90 percent off at just $49.
It immediately blocks any tracking requests from both local WiFi routers and third-party servers, and your Internet connection remains fully encrypted every time you log on.
You’ll be able to keep your data and browsing activity safe from both hackers and government entities — all while improving the battery life of your computer or smartphone. Compatible with everything from iOS and Android to Mac OS X and Windows platforms, this subscription can be used on up to three devices simultaneously, so you won’t have to worry about constantly logging in and out.
This VPN even lets you bypass those obnoxious content filters when you travel overseas — meaning you’ll be able to keep up with your favorite streaming content on sites like Netflix and Hulu.
Give yourself peace of mind every time you browse with a Lifetime Premium Subscription to Disconnect VPN for 
 — 90 percent off its usual price for a limited time.
Work-life balance in a future job is more important to U.S. student developers than any other early career goal, according to 
, which includes a survey of 10,350 student developers in the U.S., U.K., India, and Canada.
HackerRank is an online resource for developers interested in learning new skills.
Work-life balance was defined first and foremost by student developers in the U.S. as flexible work hours, followed by good vacation or paid time off benefits, remote worker support, and a company that focuses on goals rather than a particular number of hours worked.
“To speak to these students, employers shouldn’t just talk about work-life balance; they should actively encourage it. Even when younger generations are offered balance opportunities, they fear what coworkers will think if they take advantage of them. Openly encouraging a culture of balance will help them feel at ease,” the report reads.
Students in India, Canada, and the U.K. ranked professional growth and learning as their top priority, followed by work-life balance.
The report also found that about 27 percent of developers who participated in the survey said they are self-taught, while roughly 38 percent had a combination of independent learning and instruction from a computer science school or university.
At 17 percent, the U.S. has the smallest share of computer scientists who were solely self-taught.
Developer students were far more likely to use YouTube as a resource than professional developers were. While both students and professional developers look to Stack Overflow first for fixes and learning, (88 to 77 percent), 73 percent of students look to YouTube, compared to about 64 percent of professionals.
Both use YouTube and Stack Overflow more often than books, online courses and tutorials, or academic papers.
Generally speaking, there’s a shortage of developers in a variety of IT fields, but among those surveyed, JavaScript was the programming language where employee demand most outstripped the current number of available workers.
“As the direction for web applications has moved from static to dynamic, JavaScript has become increasingly dominant in the industry,” the report reads. “Employers need it more than any other skill.”
Among the most popular coding languages student developers plan to learn next, 39.3 percent of those surveyed said they plan to learn Python, followed by 38.9 percent for JavaScript, and 40.3 percent for Ruby on Rails.
The HackerRank survey follows the 
, which shared insights from tens of millions of developers who use the platform. JavaScript ranked as the most-used coding language, followed by Java and Python.
Authorized Apple resellers in Egypt have been selling the company’s products at prices 50 percent higher than in neighboring Arab countries, allegedly due to anti-competitive practices by Apple and its regional distributor, Arab Business Machine. Now the Egyptian government has given the companies 60 days to fix the situation — or face unspecified legal consequences.
As spotted by 
, the Egyptian Competition Authority has issued a formal decree accusing Apple of preventing regional wholesale distributors from selling to Egyptian distributors, in violation of local laws. By limiting competition within the country’s distribution networks and banning parallel imports of Apple products into Egypt, the company allegedly led Egyptian prices to spike.
The report suggests that the 512GB iPhone XS Max is sold in the United Arab Emirates for the equivalent of $1,306, while the Egyptian street price is $1,983, a 51 percent premium. A quick check of 
 showed the same high-end iPhone model selling today for the equivalent of $1,853, a smaller but still non-trivial 41 percent hike for Egyptian consumers.
Prices for Apple products have traditionally varied from country to country based on tax, currency conversion, and distribution differences, with some consumers facing particularly harsh premiums due to their location and/or government policies. Regardless, Egyptian authorities suggest that the country is being treated worse than its regional counterparts.
Apple now has a little under two months to remedy the situation in some way. The company claims it 
 where it does business, and though it generally takes its time when addressing regulatory complaints, the threat of serious consequences tends to inspire it to resolve issues ahead of government deadlines. 
 last month, but only after 
.
Most of the virtual reality headsets available today have been constrained as much by pricing considerations as the current state of component technologies, but 
 isn’t quite so limited — for $5,500, enterprise customers get access to some of the highest-end parts around. Today, VRgineers is upgrading XTAL with new lenses that promise to dramatically improve the VR experience for both existing and new customers.
As was the case before, the company describes the new lenses as aspherical and non-Fresnel, but they’ve been improved to bolster visual quality across four different visual measures.
VRgineers says that the new lenses were custom-made in partnership with Israeli consortium VR Optics, which focuses on making components for VR and AR headsets. The technology is currently exclusive to XTAL headsets.
“XTAL’s new non-fresnel lenses will deliver a wider field of view and binocular overlap, a bigger sweet spot, and much less distortion compared to the existing model,” said VRgineers CEO Marek Polcak. “This is critically important to our customers. When prototyping a new automobile design, for instance, they’ll be able to see more of the vehicle at once, and come closer than ever to a true-to-life image.”
The updated version of XTAL will continue to use a pair of 2.5K OLED displays, delivering a total of 5,120 by 1,440 resolution, along with 180-degree Leap Motion 2.0 hand tracking and integrated eye tracking. Current XTAL customers on a professional support package can get the upgraded lenses free of charge from VRgineers, while new customers will receive the lenses in 
 starting today. VRgineers says that it will publicly demonstrate the upgraded headset at CES 2019 next month in Las Vegas.
Developing powerful artificial intelligence (AI) requires powerful hardware, and IBM’s teaming up with Nvidia to offer just that. The companies jointly today announced IBM SpectrumAI with Nvidia DGX, a converged system that marries IBM’s Spectrum Scale software-defined file platform with Nvidia’s DGX-1 server and workstation lineup.
According to IBM, SpectrumAI achieves the highest performance of any tested converged system — about 120GB/s of data from shared storage in a single rack. That’s thanks in part to the Armonk, New York company’s Spectrum Scale cluster file management tech, which ramps up with random read data throughput requirements to feed multiple graphics processing units (GPUs) and deliver workload performance that’s comparable to a local RAM disk.
“IBM’s strategy is to make AI, ML, and DL more accessible and more performant,” Ashish Nadkarni, group vice president, IDC Infrastructure Systems, Platforms and Technologies, said. “IBM SpectrumAI with Nvidia DGX is designed to provide a tested and supported platform. For those who are choosing Nvidia DGX servers for the open source frameworks and high-throughput GPU platforms, IBM Spectrum Scale can add intelligent, scalable, secured, metadata rich, cloud-integrated, multiprotocol, high performing, and efficient storage in an easy-to-deploy solution from their top tier business partners.”
SpectrumAI can be deployed in a variety of configurations, IBM says, from a single IBM Elastic Storage Server (ESS) to several Nvidia DGX-1 servers and even a full-rack nine servers with 72 Tesla V100 Tensor Core. And it’s optimized for AI training, inference, and archiving, with testing performed by IBM and Nvidia’s reseller channel.
Mark III Systems, an AI solutions startup based in Houston, Texas, is among the early SpecturmAI adopters.
“As an IBM Platinum and Nvidia Deep Learning Partner with a full stack approach to partnering with clients around data-driven digital transformation, Mark III has seen firsthand how impactful AI can be in fundamentally transforming the user experience and discovering deeper insights from real-time and historical data than ever thought possible,” Stan Wysocki, president of Mark III Systems, said. “As AI weaves its way into enterprises and institutions, we’re excited about the possibilities around the combination of IBM SpectrumAI with Nvidia Deep Learning to help enable our customers to build, launch, and scale their AI-driven applications and services around a robust enterprise platform engineered for the future.”
There’s no shortage of data science platforms with Nvidia hardware under the hood these days. In August, data storage company NetApp debuted 
, an architecture powered by NetApp’s AFF A800 cloud-connected flash storage and DGX-1, and in September, Cisco unveiled the 
, an expansion of its Unified Computing System (UCS) server portfolio focused squarely on AI.
In fact, the cloud data center business of Nvidia that supplies GPUs for AI workloads has grown 524 percent in the last four years, and is now estimated to make up more than 
 of the company’s total revenue.
Banks and financial services, rejoice: Adobe Document Cloud’s new suite of features are tailor-made for compliance. Adobe today debuted what it’s claiming is an “industry-first” signer identity and workflow solution, alongside stronger document security and “comprehensive” HR solution support.
The San Jose company also revealed a few milestones: 250 billion PDFs opened in Adobe products and 8 billion signature transactions in Document Cloud in the past 12 months. More than 50 percent of Fortune 100 companies use Adobe Sign, Mike Prizament, senior product marketing manager of Document Cloud, told VentureBeat in a phone interview.
“We believe the future is a paperless one, where the majority of customer-facing and employee-facing paper processes will have become digital in the next five years,” he said. “All of the ground-breaking new functionality introduced today in Adobe Document Cloud focuses on giving our customers, partners, and their customers more flexibility, more security and more options to deliver great digital experiences at any scale.”
Toward that end, Adobe Sign has a new option — Government ID Authentication — that aims to take the pain out of verifying a customer’s identity. In the Sign app for Android and iOS, signers follow an on-screen guide that instructs them to snap (1) a selfie and (2) a photo of their physical ID card (e.g., a driver’s license or passport). In the cloud, with the help of machine learning, Adobe Sign evaluates the ID’s patterns, fonts, holograms, layout, and other security features in seconds, and compares facial features between the selfie and ID portrait (such as the distance between eyes).
Government ID Authentication doesn’t perform third-party record or criminal background checks, Prizament explained, but it 
tap a database of templates for every type of ID in supported states and countries. Signers have up to three chances to successfully scan their ID. If they fail three consecutive times, they’re locked out.
“This smart new way to authenticate a remote signer takes only seconds, but it delivers a great signer experience, while reducing identity fraud concerns for the company,” Prizament said. “Providing this higher level of signer identity authentication will help our customers implement e-signatures in a whole host of new business processes.”
On the HR front, Adobe Sign now supports Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Talent and ServiceNow HR Service Delivery, joining existing integrations with platforms like SAP SuccessFactors and Workday. According to Prizament, Sign is the first and only e-signature solution to be integrated with those platforms.
“[T]here are still so many paper-dependent HR processes that degrade employee experiences and waste limited HR resources,” he said. “Integrating e-signatures into HR solution-based processes is critical to delivering an end-to-end digital experience for employees that eliminates paper-based processes like offer letter and onboarding document approvals.”
Last but not least, Adobe today announced that Adobe Acrobat DC and Acrobat Reader on Windows are gaining support for Microsoft Information Protection (MIP), a solution that allows organizations to classify and protect documents and emails by applying labels. Now, Acrobat DC users can open and view secured PDF files, making it Microsoft’s preferred PDF viewer for MIP.
Today’s upgrades follow on the heels of the 
 Adobe brought to Document Cloud a little over two months ago. And they come after the debut of Adobe’s “
,” an Adobe Sensei-powered Adobe Analytics workbench add-on that surfaces insights and patterns in enterprise data, and after 
.
Adobe’s cloud services remain a cash cow for the company. In its Q3 2018, its Digital Media Unit –which comprises Creative Cloud and Document Cloud — brought in $1.61 million. (Broken out, Document Cloud revenue was $249 million and Creative Cloud revenue was $1.36 billion.) And in Q2, Document Cloud revenue was up 22 percent year-over-year.
Box is officially launching its G Suite integration for all users from today.
The cloud storage and team collaboration platform and Google first unveiled the integration at 
, though the public beta release wasn’t announced 
. The program has remained in beta since, with 
 no longer accepted.
Now Box for G Suite is being launched with general availability for all users, and the company said it expects the full rollout to be complete by mid-January 2019.
While Box and Google have 
 over the years, the Box for G Suite integration is notable in that it allows Google Docs users to create, edit, and save their documents from inside Box — they no longer have to use Google Drive. This is similar to a 
 earlier this year.
Above: Box for G Suite integration: Google Slides inside Box
Back in October, Google 
 called Compose actions, which serves as a direct artery into enterprise applications like Box. The add-on basically allows Gmail users to attach files from Box and download email attachments to Box directly from the Gmail app.
While such close-knit tie-ups may seem counterintuitive, given that Box and Google compete on many fronts, these integrations actually take advantage of the big crossover between their respective services in the workplace. Indeed, many companies subscribe to both G Suite and Box, so bringing the two services together makes Google and Box’s customers’ lives just a little bit easier.
“The future of work will be defined by best-of-breed applications that work together to make it incredibly simple for people to get their work done faster, more easily, and more collaboratively than ever,” noted Box’s chief product officer, Jeetu Patel. “Together, Box and G Suite not only help people be more productive, but we also ensure that enterprises can centralize, manage, and secure their data in the cloud.”
Coffee Meets Bagel is getting a redesign and adding a new comment feature as the battle continues among dating apps to prove who makes the best matches.
Co-CEO and cofounder Dawoon Kang told VentureBeat in a phone interview that the redesign comes after the company conducted an extensive user study earlier this year, surveying 1,250 of its users. Kang said that one pain point users commonly said they experienced was “matching” with someone on the app, only to not have that person return their messages or for the conversation to quickly die off.
“For them — the biggest fear and biggest frustration was that it’s a waste of time,” Kang said. People are tired of spending time on something that gets them nothing.”
So Coffee Meets Bagel is adding a feature that will allow a user to send a message to a potential match before he or she likes their profile. The hope is that by sending messages specific to that person’s profile like “I also traveled to Japan last year,” users will have a better idea if a match will be worth their time.
Competing dating app Hinge also has a similar feature. Hinge also added a new feature called 
 earlier this year that allows users to say how a date went, a change that Hinge also said served to address user fears that they’re wasting time with online dating.
Kang said that the company has been testing this new commenting feature since the third quarter of this year, and the company claims that it led to a 60 percent increase in total messages exchanged.
Coffee Meets Bagel is also redesigning its logo, with the letters C and B replacing the coffee and bagel icons in the previous logos. The app is also swapping out the bright blue and orange hues used on profiles for a softer purple. It’s also replacing the “pass” and “connect” buttons with a heart, chat, and x icons.
“One piece of feedback we gathered is sometimes we get in the way [of matches],” Kang said. “The bright blue could feel a little distracting, and the profile design was too cluttered.”
Founded in 2012, Coffee Meets Bagel is downloadable everywhere, though its most popular market is in the U.S. Kang also said that Coffee Meets Bagel sees sizable usage in Singapore and Hong Kong.
Like most dating apps, Coffee Meets Bagel doesn’t share daily active users. It is not owned by Match Group, the conglomerate that owns Tinder, Match.com, and Hinge, among other dating websites.
Kang said Coffee Meets Bagel will be adding new features next year, centered around the company’s new mission of creating “inspiring connections.”
 is being held this week in Seattle, and naturally a long list of companies and organizations are using the event to update the public on their projects related Kubernetes and Cloud Native Computing.
The event is hosted by the Cloud Native Computing Foundation, under the auspices of the Linux Foundation. The foundation oversees 
.
Here is a list of the announcements made through Monday and Tuesday this week:
‘s newest update, Arena War, is out today. It adds seven new game modes based around car combat.
Grand Theft Auto Online is the multiplayer component of Grand Theft Auto V, which has sold over 100 million copies. 
 releases weekly updates for GTA Online with things like new vehicles, clothes, and game modes. Players can use in-game currency to buy new cars and fashions, but they can also boost their in-game wallet with real money. While other single-player games include multiplayer components, GTA Online stands out for giving players access to a connected open-world where they can do as they please or engage in specific activities like races. And it has helped Rockstar monetize Grand Theft Auto V long past its 2013 debut.
Arena War will look familiar to fans of the film 
. Just like it, players compete in car-based gladiatorial combat. Or if you want a more recent film reference, think of those crazy cool cars from 
.
The seven new multiplayer modes include Carnage, where players simply fight to be the last vehicle standing. Games Master has one team trying to collect checkpoints while the other uses the arena’s tools to try and blow them up. Here Comes the Monsters puts one team in monster trucks while the other is stuck in compact cars.
The update also adds the Arena Workshop, which helps you customize your own combat car. And, of course, Arena War adds new vehicles and clothes to buy (you can use real money to help boost your in-game wallet).
 has turned its competitive shooter 
 into a reliable moneymaker. And in 2019, it plans to continue growing the online game. To that end, the publisher has begun selling the 
. This $30 content pass guarantees access to the eight new characters Ubisoft will launch in 2018 (they aren’t out yet). It also provides special cosmetic items, in-game currency, and more.
These annual passes are one of the primary ways that Ubisoft continues to earn significant revenue from Rainbow Six: Siege. While players can slowly earn the Renown currency to unlock new characters at no additional charge, the $30 pass is much more convenient for most people. On top of that, you get each new characters seven days early if you own the Year 4 pass.
To encourage players to spend the money on these premium DLC memberships, the publisher also spends a lot of time improving other aspects of the game. For example, it regularly releases new maps or revised versions of existing maps. This keeps people engaged and coming back. That in turn keeps people spending on the annual passes or virtual currencies to buy digital items.
Rainbow Six: Siege is also one of the games that ushered in Ubisoft’s dedication to games as a service. While it had a slow start in December 2015, it has become more and more successful each year since. And now, the publisher wants to ensure that all of its games have a similar potential to turn into a long-term success where players are willing to spend much more than $60 over the course of multiple years.
As for the Year 4 pass, you get a small selection of goods, credits, and boosts on top of the hero characters.
Here’s a breakdown of exactly what you’ll get:
You can buy the pass now on Steam, Uplay, or through the console stores.
 is captivating, both as a speaker and a writer/director of video games. That’s why she’ll be receiving the prestigious lifetime achievement awards at the annual 
 (GDCA) 2019 coming in March.
Her games are among my favorites of all time, and I can say the same about her speeches. I’ve heard Hennig speak multiple times, including at a dinner in Montreal a few years back. It was always interesting to hear her talk about what inspired her to create some of the most memorable video game characters and stories, where, after you’ve finished playing for many hours, you feel like you’ve come to be old friends with the characters and the environments that shaped them.
Perhaps her big accomplishment, at least on Sony’s game consoles, is making the world safe for single-player video games.
Above: Amy Hennig.
Hennig, 54, is a digital artist, animator, game designer and writer/director. She worked on Blood Omen: Legacy of Kain and Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver at Crystal Dynamics, among other titles. She jointed Naughty Dog and contributed to Jak & Daxter.
But she is most known for her critically acclaimed work on the Uncharted franchise with Naughty Dog.
Previous recipients of the lifetime achievement award include Tim Schafer, Tim Sweeney, Shigeru Miyamoto, Warren Spector, John Carmack, Hironobu Sakaguchi, Hideo Kojima, Sid Meier, Ken Kutaragi, Ray Muzyka and Greg Zeschuk, and Peter Molyneux.
The Game Developers Choice Awards ceremony takes place on Wednesday, March 20, 2019 at 6:30 p.m. at the San Francisco Moscone Center during the 
. The ceremonies are available to attend for all GDC 2019 pass-holders.
Above: Women in Games exhibit speakers at The Strong Museum: (left to right) Megan Gaiser, Bonnie Ross, Jen MacClean, Dona Bailey, Brenda Laurel, Susan Jaekel, Sheri Graner Ray, Victoria Van Voorhis, and Amy Hennig.
She was humble about how she got started in games during a talk at 
 in Barcelona this year.
“Like most people at the time, I stumbled into it. There was no path I was following. I always loved games. I was one of the kids — this is in the ‘70s — and it was pretty sad, but I would spend all my money at the arcade,” she said, speaking with her friend Mark Cerny. “There wasn’t much to play back then. There was Pong, Night Driver, and my favorite game, Sea Wolf, because there was a periscope you could look through. Like a lot of people my age, I also discovered the Atari 2600, Dungeons and Dragons, Star Wars. These things all collided to shape the kind of person that I am. But I never considered it a career.”
 that she tracked her original creative inspiration to 1977, when she was 12, and she was inspired by films like 
, the Atari 2600 game console, and the 
 role-playing game. Such inspirations were “burned into my retinas,” she said.
Hennig started at Atari, working on the Atari 7800. She came into her own in the past decade as a writer and director of acclaimed adventure titles with strong narrative and character elements. And that work helped give Sony a critical advantage in the battle of the video game platforms.
Above: Amy Hennig used references to Sullivan’s Travels in the Uncharted series.
Hennig was the creative director and writer of Naughty Dog’s Uncharted series, starting with Uncharted: Drake’s Fortune, and continuing with Uncharted 2: Among Thieves, which started with an unforgettable scene of hero Nathan Drake hanging onto a train that was dangling over a cliff.
She also wrote and directed Uncharted 3: Drake’s Deception, and began work on Uncharted 4: A Thief’s End. But she left before that work was done in 2014. In the spring of 2014, she joined Visceral Games to work on a new Star Wars game. But that didn’t turn out well, as EA canceled the game and shut the studio. Hennig left EA earlier this year, and she is reportedly working on something new.
, she talked about the Uncharted series as a “love letter to the classic pulp adventure genre.” The aim was to recapture the fun, charm, adventure, and romance of the genre of movies, books, and comics. They drew from a lot of sources.
One of the obscure ones was a 1942 film 
. It’s about a Hollywood director who is fed up with churning out lightweight comedies and yearns to make a socially relevant film about the sorrows of humanity. It’s no coincidence that Victor Sullivan, one of the key figures in the Uncharted series, shares a last name with John Sullivan from the old film. Preston Sturges, director of the film and its writer, wrote the story as a plea for fellow movie makers to “not to abandon the fun in favor of the message.” He was saying the directors were getting a little too “deep dish and they ought to leave the preaching to the preachers,” Hennig said.
Sullivan has one comic misadventure after another. Then the film takes a dark turn. Bit by bit, Sullivan loses everything, except his ability to laugh. He realizes his greatest gift as a film maker is to make people laugh. The film was criticized as a comedy that got too serious and as a tragedy that was too funny.
“This is the subversive thing about Sturges’ movie,” Hennig said. “He made a message film arguing about message films.” The film had a message embedded in a story with escapist fun.
Hennig said that games are being criticized in a similar way.
“There is so much dogma about what games should and should not be,” Hennig said. “And we want so badly to be taken seriously, my fear is that in the face of this criticism, we start to take ourselves too seriously, and will abandon the fun in favor of the message. And forget that above all, our goal is to entertain. That is why Sullivan’s Travels is an important touchstone for me. It’s a reminder that there is nothing wrong with escapist fun. It’s OK to just entertain. In fact, maybe that ought to be our primary goal. Our games have the power to transport people out of their daily lives. So even in the midst of all the gunslinging and two-fisted combat, stunts, and spectacle, we can still tell a story about beauty, despair, compassion, fear, loss, regret, and grace, with a little sex in it.”
Above: Mark Cerny, Amy Hennig and Geoff Keighley at Gamelab.
As for the hardship of getting games canceled, Hennig said in a talk in Barcelona this year, “At the same time I was doing pixel art on this Atari game, and then I got the job at EA doing the same thing on Bard’s Tale IV, which also didn’t get published. It was a great humbling lesson to work on two games that didn’t get published right out of the gate. But I could see that there was more. I could connect the dots. We were going to be doing more complex stuff.”
And Hennig got to see how deep the rabbit hole goes in her future games, when it comes to story.
She described her role as creative director in later years as akin to a parent. You shouldn’t try to hold an art director’s pencil, she said.
Richard Socher gets around. He’s the founder of 
, an artificial intelligence (AI) startup that raised more than $8 million in venture capital backing from Khosla Ventures and others before being acquired by Salesforce in 2016, and he previously served as adjunct professor at Stanford’s computer science department, where he also received his Ph.D. (He earned his bachelor’s degree at Leipzig University and his master’s at Saarland University.) In 2007, Socher was part of the team that won first place in the 
. And he was instrumental in assembling 
, a publicly available database of annotated images used to test, train, and validate computer vision models.
Socher — who’s now Saleforce’s chief scientist — has long been attracted to the field of natural language processing, a subfield of computer science concerned with interactions between computers and human languages. His dissertation demonstrated that deep learning — layered mathematical functions loosely modeled on neurons in the human brain — could solve several different natural language processing tasks simultaneously, obviating the need to develop multiple models. At MetaMind in 2014, using some of the same theoretical principles, he and a team of engineers to produce a model that achieved state-of-the-art accuracy on ImageNet.
It’s no wonder that in 2017, the World Economic Forum called him “one of the prodigies of the artificial intelligence and deep learning space whose breakthrough technologies are transforming natural language processing and computer vision.”
Above: Richard Socher.
At Salesforce, Socher manages a team of researchers that actively publishes papers on question answering, computer vision, image captioning, and other core AI areas, and once a year co-teaches Stanford’s graduate-level Natural Language Processing with Deep Learning course. At the 
 conference in Montreal last week, he graciously volunteered his time to speak with VentureBeat about AI systems as they exist today, Salesforce’s role in the research community, and the progress (or lack thereof) that’s been made toward artificial general intelligence — i.e., humanlike AI.
Here’s an edited transcript of our interview.
 I think it’s important for us to be a Switzerland, if you will, with regard to a lot of these AI efforts, because our customers are in a lot of different places. At Salesforce, we think not only about our customers’ needs, but about 
 customers’ needs in a B2C capacity. That’s why we try to support all of these different frameworks and platforms — like Alexa and Google Home, for example.
At the same time, there are a lot of enterprise-specific requirements that we want to fulfill, so it also makes sense for us to build our own [solutions] in areas where we have a lot of strength. For instance, service is something that we know very well in the enterprise world. We’re trying to empower all our customers — 150,000-plus companies — to benefit from AI the same way these very large companies with multi-billion dollar R&D budgets benefit from it. That’s why I’m excited about this platform mindset that we have. We’re really trying to democratize these technologies.
It turns out that large companies want a service, and they want to pay for it to have SLAs and to have service-level agreements, uptime guarantees, support, and all of that. Just having some open-sourced code laying around somewhere isn’t really that useful. To actually democratize AI for a lot of companies of various sizes, you have to make it available as a service. Of course, we first start with kind of the package apps we think are the most useful directly, so our customers don’t have to fiddle around with anything. But we also want to make it easy enough for admins to create their own AI features.
 It’s interesting you mention that. We have bank customers who saw the first version of our Einstein Voice system, which uses a consumer API, and several of them said they couldn’t use it because of [the API].
One of the models in the larger speech system that we use is a language model that tries to predict the next word in a sentence, to help autocomplete things. Now, if you take data from a customer and they say, “Company X is acquiring Company Y,” that becomes a part of the training data. The trouble is, it’s very sensitive information, and if it’s inadvertently displayed somehow to a user through autocorrect, that’s obviously a bad thing.
What I’m saying is, I can see why banks and other enterprises like insurance with very private data don’t want to necessarily use consumer APIs, where their data becomes part of larger pools. Each company has its own lingo and private data, and it’s important for them to feel like they have control over the kind of vocabulary they want to use in their speech recognition systems.
 I actually love that. It’s kind of interesting — there are two competing thoughts here. On the one hand, AI, you might say, is already hard enough. Why should we make it even harder by encrypting data? After all, the brain doesn’t first encrypt and then try to access it.
But you can also argue that we need privacy right now. Trust is our number one value at Salesforce. We want to make these systems better, and maybe you make them slightly worse by encrypting the data. But then, you could do more data sharing, and maybe, as a result, produce a system that does better in the end.
BOCA RATON, Fla.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 11, 2018–
      
 (“ZGSI” or the “Company”) (Pink Sheets: 
),       an agricultural biotechnology public company commercializing its       technology derived from and designed for Space with significant       applications for agriculture on Earth, has announced that its new       subsidiary, Specialty Agricultural Solutions, Inc., is introducing the       Company’s proprietary agricultural product, 
,       to the legal hemp and cannabis grow market segments. Based on trials       conducted over the past year in Humboldt and Mendocino counties in       California and other locations, BAM-FX has demonstrated its ability to       increase yield and quality, while also lowering the cost and use of       other inputs, thereby increasing growers’ return on investment.    
      Subsequent to our recent introduction of BAM-FX to grow stores and       distributors in Michigan, initial user interest and satisfaction have       stimulated customer reorders. Based upon our positive market acceptance       in Michigan, we plan to expand distribution to Colorado, California and       ultimately Canada. In addition to the introduction of BAM-FX into the       hemp/cannabis market, the Company is also rolling out a ready to use,       home and garden product, Gardener’s Choice®. Gardener’s Choice is       currently being marketed to retail chains, big box stores and other       retail outlets where plants and garden supplies are sold.    
      “Combined with the introduction of BAM-FX to the world’s commercial       agricultural market, BAM-FX is now expanding into multiple market       segments,” stated 
, Chief Executive Officer of ZGSI.    
      We believe that BAM-FX’s ability to increase yield, quality and ROI       presents an opportunity for growers using the best agricultural       technologies available to potentially improve upon their performance,”       stated James Stepper, Director of Specialty Agricultural Solutions, Inc.    
      
    
      
 is an agricultural biotechnology public       company (Pink Sheets: 
),       with technology derived from and designed for Space with significant       applications here on Earth. These technologies are focused on providing       valuable solutions to challenges facing world agriculture. ZGSI’s two       primary categories of technologies aimed at sustainable agriculture are:       1) 
,       a cost effective, ionic micronutrient delivery system for plants, which       is currently being introduced commercially into world agriculture by       Zero Gravity’s wholly owned subsidiary 
 and Specialty Agricultural Solutions, Inc.;       2) 
, utilized in the development and production, in the       prolonged zero/micro gravity environment of the International Space       Station, of large volumes of non-GMO, novel, patentable stem cells with       unique and beneficial characteristics.    
      
    
      
    
      This press release may contain certain forward-looking statements within       the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,       and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.       Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve       risks and uncertainties, including without limitation, acceptance of the       Company’s products, increased levels of competition for the Company, new       products and technological changes, the Company’s dependence on       third-party suppliers, and other risks detailed from time to time in the       Company’s periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange       Commission. Except as required by applicable law or regulation, Zero       Gravity Solutions undertakes no obligation to update these       forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur       after the date on which such statements were made.    
      Zero Gravity Solutions, Inc.
Harvey Kaye, Chairman
+1       561.416.0400
    
Rep. Ted Poe (R-TX) had a seemingly simple question for Google CEO Sundar Pichai today at a congressional hearing: Could my phone track if I stood up and moved across the room?
The line of questioning was relevant, given that the 
 had just published an investigation the day before about how dozens of apps collect and store location data in ways that average users might not be aware of.
There was jut one problem — Rep. Poe was holding up what appeared to be an iPhone, not an Android phone. Pichai tried to explain that it depended upon whether Rep. Poe had any Google apps downloaded on his phone, and what the phone’s location settings were.
“It’s not a trick question — you make $100 million a year, you ought to be able to answer that question,” Poe responded.
Tuesday’s hearing was called to question Google about the ways it collects and use data, and how it filters search results. Many questions, like Rep. Poe’s, attempted to get an answer from Pichai in layman’s terms about how Google did just that. But many questions were phrased in a way that allowed Pichai to avoid giving a direct answer, or got wrong a fundamental aspect of how tech companies like Google collect data or write algorithms.
Rep. Steve Cohen (D-TN), for example, acknowledged that he doesn’t understand Google’s different privacy and location settings, and asked Pichai if the company had ever considered creating an “online school” that users could go to to ask questions of a Google representative. Rep. Lamar Smith (R-TX) asked if Google had ever disciplined individual employees or groups of employees for manipulating search results. When Pichai responded that it wasn’t possible for individual employees to manipulate search results, Rep. Smith said he didn’t believe Pichai.
This was Pichai’s first time testifying publicly in front of Congress. He was previously called to testify in front of the Senate Intelligence Committee alongside Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey and Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg, but declined the invitation. Many Senators ended up 
 for the slight.
In prepared remarks, Pichai emphasized Google’s patriotism and dedication to the U.S. “It’s no coincidence that a company dedicated to the free flow of information was founded right here in the U.S.,” Pichai said. “As an American company, we cherish the values and freedoms that have allowed us to grow and serve so many users. I am proud to say we do work, and we will continue to work, with the government to keep our country safe and secure.”
Pichai’s testimony came as Google has faced criticism from employees and human rights groups over reports that it has been developing a censored search engine for the Chinese market, code-named Project Dragonfly. Google’s chief privacy officer Keith Enright was questioned by Congress about 
.
However, only a handful of lawmakers questioned Pichai about Project Dragonfly. Pichai asserted that the company had no plans to launch a search engine in China, but after repeated questioning from Rep. David Cicilline (D-RI), but acknowledged that the company has “undertaken an internal effort” to develop a product for China.
Some lawmakers complained about bias in Google’s products by bringing up their own search results — Rep. Steve Chabot (R-OH) complained that he couldn’t find any positive stories about the GOP’s repeal of the Affordable Care Act or its Tax Cuts and Jobs Act until the “third or fourth page of search results,” while Rep. Cohen wanted to know why articles conservative websites wrote about him, like the Daily Caller and Breitbart, appeared higher in search results than his appearances on MSNBC.
Conservative members of the committee spent much of their time questioning Pichai about how Google was dealing with what they perceived to be anti-conservative bias from the company. While liberal members also expressed concerns about how Google filters search results, they didn’t focus their lines of questioning on search results related to one particular group.
While members of both parties expressed concern about how Google collects data, no clear suggestions for regulations emerged from the hearing.
“Google is able to collect information about its amount of users that would even make the NSA blush,” House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte (R-VA) said in his opening statement. “I think it is fair to say that most Americans have no idea the sheer volume of detailed information that is collected.”
(
) — Austrian retailers have filed a complaint against Amazon with their national competition authority over the U.S. e-commerce giant’s dual role as a retailer and a marketplace.
The European Commission and Germany’s antitrust authority are 
.
“We have received a complaint. We are examining it,” a spokeswoman for Austria’s Federal Competition Authority (BWB) said on Monday, confirming a statement by the Austrian Retail Association.
The main grounds for the complaint laid out by Austria’s biggest retailers’ association is Amazon’s role as both a retailer in its own right and as a marketplace where other retailers’ products are sold.
Austrian newspaper Der Standard reported that it had documents showing that the BWB would open an investigation into Amazon. The spokeswoman, however, said that at this stage the BWB was only examining the complaint.
“Those documents are not ours,” she said.
In a statement outlining its complaint, the Retail Association said the “main problem” was Amazon’s dual role as retailer and marketplace.
“Amazon can in theory see the prices of the listed retailers (on its platform), undercut their prices and in the long run attract all that business,” it said, adding that 93 percent of all Austrian online shoppers have made at least once purchase on Amazon.
Amazon was not immediately available for comment.
(
)
Google has acquired Sigmoid Labs, the company behind popular Indian travel app “
,” the companies announced today. Terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Acquisition of the app, which has millions of users in India, is further evidence of Google’s aggressive play for users in emerging markets.
In a statement provided to VentureBeat, Google said that Bangalore-based Sigmoid Labs will be joining the company and will continue to work on the app. “We are excited that they’re joining Google and will be part of a team that will continue to build on the current offering and more,” a spokesperson said.
As its name suggests, Where is my Train aims to help users track their trains across India. According to estimates, Indian Railways operates over 14,000 trains across the country every day and serves 30 million passengers. The app is available in eight languages.
While there are multiple apps to help people navigate their daily commutes, Where is my Train stands out because it allows users to find information without requiring access to GPS or data. Instead, the company said it relies on information sourced from cell towers. Sigmoid Labs was cofounded in 2016 by former TiVo employees Arun Kumar Nagarajan, Ahmed Nizam Mohaideen, Balasubramoniam Rajendran, Sashikumar Venkataraman, and Meenakshi Sundaram. According to their LinkedIn profiles and the 
, Where is My Train is the only app they have publicly launched to date.
On the Google Play Store, Where is my Train has been downloaded over 10 million times and currently ranks as No. 1 in travel and location apps, according to analytical firm 
. “We can think of no better place to help us achieve our mission, and we’re excited to join Google to help bring technology and information into more people’s hands,” Sigmoid Labs 
 in a statement on its website.
As growth in new users slows in developed markets, Google and other Silicon Valley companies are increasingly eyeing emerging markets like India and Indonesia. Over the years, Google has launched a range of tailored apps (such as 
) and customized its marquee services to 
For Google, Where is My Train seems like a natural pick. Just this year, the company 
. The project, which is now part of Google Station, is currently serving 8 million train commuters in India.
Google’s teaching AI systems to think more like children — at least, when it comes to object recognition and perception. In a paper (“
“) and accompanying 
, Eric Jang, a software engineer at Google’s robotics division, and Coline Devin, a Ph.D. student at Berkeley and former research intern, describe an algorithm — 
 — that “learns” the characteristics of objects by observing and manipulating them.
Their work comes a few months after MIT researchers demonstrated a computer vision system — dubbed 
, or DON for short — that allows robots to inspect, visually understand, and manipulate object they’ve never seen before. And it’s based on cognitive developmental research on self-supervision, the Google researchers explained.
People derive knowledge about the world by interacting with their environment, time-tested studies on object permanence have shown, and over time learn from the outcomes of the actions they take. Even grasping an object provides a lot of information about it — for example, the fact that it had to be within reach in the moments leading up to the grasp.
“In robotics, this type of … learning is actively researched because it enables robotic systems to learn without the need for large amounts of training data or manual supervision,” Jang and Devin wrote. “By using this form of self-supervision, [machines like] robots can learn to recognize … object[s] by … visual change[s] in the scene.”
The team collaborated with X Robotics to “teach” a robotic arm that could grasp objects “unintentionally,” and in the course of training learn representations of various objects. Those representations eventually led to “intentional grasping” of tools and toys chosen by the researchers.
The team leveraged reinforcement learning — an AI training technique that uses a system of rewards to drive agents toward specific goals — to encourage the arm to grasp objects, inspect them with its camera, and answer basic object recognition questions (“Do these objects match?”). And they implemented a perception system that could extract meaningful information about the items by analyzing a series of three images: an image before grasping, an image after grasping, and an isolated view of the grasped object.
In tests, Grasp2Vec and the researchers’ novel policies achieved a success rate of 80 percent, and worked even in cases where multiple objects matched the target and where the target consisted of multiple objects.
“We show how robotic grasping skills can generate the data used for learning object-centric representations,” they wrote. “We then can use representation learning to ‘bootstrap’ more complex skills like instance grasping, all while retaining the self-supervised learning properties of our autonomous grasping system. Going forward, we are excited not only for what machine learning can bring to robotics by way of better perception and control, but also what robotics can bring to machine learning in new paradigms of self-supervision.”
The French government announced it is investigating the possibility that Russia manipulated social networking services such as 
 and Twitter to foment discord that has inspired growing protests across the country.
The Gilets Jaunes or “yellow vests,” appeared at first to be largely a spontaneous social movement of protestors angry about an impending tax on diesel that is aimed at fighting climate change. The original complaint that this fell disproportionately on the backs of poor and rural residents has evolved into widespread anger over economic injustice. This movement has now engulfed President Emmanuel Macron’s government in its greatest crisis since he was elected 18 months ago.
It was clear from the start that Facebook played a critical role in propelling the movement forward as Facebook groups sprang up across the country, allowing local residents to organize and plan demonstrations. But there had been growing suspicion in recent weeks, particularly as the protests turned more violent, that outside groups may be using social media to manipulate residents — as happened with the Brexit vote and the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign.
On Sunday, during an interview with RTL radio in France, Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said an investigation has been launched into possible manipulation by Russia or others.
“An investigation is now underway,” said Le Drian, 
. “I will not make comments before the investigation has brought conclusions.”
The Bloomberg story notes that the 
, a unit of the German Marshall Fund of the U.S. that monitors pro-Kremlin activity, has been tracking about 600 Twitter accounts that promote Kremlin views and that have recently been targeting France by promoting the #giletsjaunes hashtag. The Alliance says #giletsjaunes conversations on these Twitter channels has surged past those about Brexit and U.S. politics.
In many cases, these accounts, led in part by such Russian-controlled media outlets as Sputnik news and RT, have been reporting blatantly false stories, such as that French police are sympathizing with protestors and turning their back on the government. One such video that involved police removing their helmets went viral because it supposedly showed police standing in unity with protestors, something witnesses on hand say was not true.
 reports that French security forces are examining “accounts opened two weeks ago that send a hundred messages a day.”
Meanwhile, French cybersecurity researcher 
 has been capturing more than 250,000 tweets over the past week as he tracked the explosion of English-language messages with the #giletsjaunes hashtag.
The tweets with the most reach and influence are coming from the Twitter accounts of a Polish nationalist, a Turkish breaking news account, and a pro-Trump follower who is part of the QAnon conspiracy theorists, Robert found. “A lot of influential groups are trying to support the catastrophic nature of the demonstrations, the ‘civil war’, the police violence,” Robert 
.
The 
 reported on an 
, a U.S.-based cybersecurity firm specializing in misinformation and founded in 2015 by former National Security Agency employees. Under the headline “Russian accounts seek to stir up racial tensions in France,” the story says New Knowledge has tracked 2,000 accounts that have shown “behavior patterns that reveal Russian control.”
While Macron’s popularity has plunged in recent months, many observers in France point to a 
 posted to Facebook by Jacline Mouraud, a 51-year-old resident of Brittany, as the catalyst in launching the Gilets Jaunes movement. Posted on October 18, the video went viral after calling out Macron for ignoring the tax’s impact on the poor:
Likewise, a 
 protesting the gas tax posted 
 exploded and has since received more than 1.1 million signatures. No one disputes that these were from real people motivated by genuine economic frustration.
Countless Facebook groups have sprung up since word of the first protests began to spread a month ago. Whatever part third parties play, the role of social media has led to a growing debate in France about whether services such as Facebook and Twitter are fundamentally undermining the ability of democratic governments to function.
On Medium, French writer and researcher 
 looked at “How Facebook Is Fueling The French Populist Rage.” Part of the concern is that the very structure of social networks makes protestors angrier and more emotional.
“Facebook is the most threatening weapon to democracies ever invented,” he wrote. “Over the last two years, the hijacking of the social network by populist groups or parties has tainted a dozen election processes across the world and brought to power a string of populists leaders that will have a profound effect on their countries.”
This week, across French social media 
, director of research at CNRS (Centre national de la recherche scientifique) at Sciences Po Bordeaux sparked further debate about the role of social networking and protest. “Can we still govern during the time of social networks?” he asked.
“State authorities and elected officials … face a mistrust of unprecedented magnitude, to which it is difficult to find an answer,” he wrote. “How to explain how we got there so fast? The first observation is that the revolt of the yellow vests is only one symptom of more than one deeper evil, the one that led to Brexit, the election of Viktor Orban, Donald Trump, Matteo Salvini, and Jair Bolsonaro and guarantees the irremovability of Vladimir Putin and Recep Tayyip Erdogan.”
In response to questions, last week a Facebook spokesperson declined to say whether the company was specifically looking at possible infiltration of third parties related to Gilets Jaunes Facebook groups. However, in a statement the spokesperson said: “False news has no place on Facebook, and we have doubled down on our efforts to prevent the spread of false information on our platform and to educate people on how to identify and signal this type of content. We also have robust partnerships with French fact-checking organizations to tackle misinformation by verifying information shared on our platform.”
If 2018 was the year that 
 readers 
 in mobile phones, it’s looking like 2019 will be the year of the in-screen selfie camera.
Later today, Samsung is 
, which reportedly sports a “hole punch” front camera embedded into the display, while Lenovo is 
 next week shortly after 
 — both of these devices will supposedly have similar selfie lenses built into the display.
But marginally beating them all to the punch is Huawei sub-brand Honor.
At an event in Hong Kong today, Honor unveiled the View20 phone, which pretty much does away with the top bezel, and there isn’t a notch in sight.
Above: Jimmy Xiong, general manager of product at Honor
One common complaint about many recent smartphones has been the shift toward “notches” at the top. They are designed to provide a little more screen real estate, but these notches 
, and in the case of Android they often mean you can no longer see important alerts and notifications without swiping down from the top.
The Honor View20 tackles this problem with what the company calls the new “All-View” display, which it says was achieved by an “extremely complex 18-layer technology stack” that embeds the front camera in the display, thereby extending the visible area to close to 100 percent.
“As a trendsetter, Honor continues to push the limits of innovation and product craftsmanship. We endeavor to continually deliver technology breakthroughs to the world and deliver exceptional experiences for our users,” said Jimmy Xiong, general manager of product at Honor, in a press release.
Other notable View20 details mentioned at the event include a Kirin 980 chipset (the 
), a whopping 48 megapixel rear camera, and something the company calls “link turbo,” which apparently leverages big data and AI to analyze individual usage and network conditions to switch automatically between Wi-Fi and 4G, depending on the strength of available networks.
The View20 won’t officially launch until an event in Paris next month, but we can confirm that the device will be available to buy globally.
Above: Honor View20: Launch invite
More notably here, however, is that Honor has bothered to host a “pre-launch event” before the main launch event to tease some of the new features.
It’s clear there is something of a “battle of the firsts” when it comes to in-screen selfie cameras, and with so many rumors of other companies preparing to launch similar technologies, Honor has elected to get its reveal in just a little bit earlier.
The evolution from the Wright brothers’ first successful flight in 1903 to transatlantic flights that connect the world in a ubiquitous way didn’t happen overnight. It took decades of research and planning and an ongoing commitment to take calculated risks and make decisions to explore the unknown for great reward.
Finance, in both its function and its transformation, is also driven by evolution. As businesses move forward amid continued disruption, evolution is not only a natural progression — it’s a necessity for survival. To this end, processes are evolving; best practices are being adopted and, in many cases, enabled by advancements in technology
For corporate finance teams, steady evolution driven by technology remains paramount to its future success: Each advance forward signifies an important shift from data collectors and reporters to 
As the CFO of a cloud planning company, I see first-hand how the corporate finance function needs to help guide the business through heightened volatility, uncertainty, and risk. For finance leaders specifically, here are five considerations that can help achieve and sustain success in an increasingly dynamic business environment.
As markets grow more dynamic, how companies operate within these markets must be equally agile. Today’s CFOs need to be strategists; they need information from across the business to make timely decisions more than ever. Yet behind every great strategy is the data used to inform it. If finance teams aren’t equipped with a reliable, integrated view of operational, financial, HR, sales, and marketing data from across the organization then they will struggle to establish a single version of the truth.
To make better, faster decisions, leaders should be tapping into and gleaning insights from both internal and external data — such as demand, exchange rates, or commodity price volatility — and incorporate these into dynamic, enterprise-wide plans. 
 revealed that 82 percent of aggressively growing companies favor this kind of continuous approach to planning and incorporate market data into their plans within days or weeks.
By seizing the opportunity to go beyond traditional planning approaches of the past, a Connected Planning approach enables real-time decision-making and provides the business with a clearer picture of how corporate objectives align with financial plans linked to operational tactics and market events.
When changes are made in one area of the business, any impacts, big or small, are immediately visible across the enterprise. This level of business agility is nearly impossible to achieve with traditional approaches.  Leaders need to evaluate the full scope of information needed for effective business decisions in real or near real time.
Business planning environments are increasingly more continuous, intertwined, and interdependent, yet planners struggle with inefficiency. Nearly 75 percent of total respondents in our 
 reported that they take weeks or months to incorporate market changes into planning processes. To avoid the deadly wait for information, leaders should consider leveraging planning technology that connects people, processes, and data in a single, unified interface.
I experienced this business cohesiveness firsthand at Seagate Technology. We decided to implement a Connected Planning approach in 2014 with the Anaplan platform and used it initially for revenue forecasting. The implementation proved so successful that it went viral, surging from 100 internal users to thousands of users, and was easily adopted and implemented beyond finance throughout the business to become our holistic planning ecosystem. As a result, our overall spend was reduced, our agility increased, and managing change was faster and easier.
Keeping up the pace amid disruption and volatility can be challenging, especially using historical-looking point solutions or spreadsheets. The ability to use advanced analytics for predictive modeling assures that historical data can be used to make better decisions that shape the future. Technology with “what if” analysis and scenario-planning capabilities can help businesses gain real-time insight to better understand the implications of business decisions that span across functions.
Robust technology is imperative to operating with agility through periods of uncertainty. Consider the business uncertainty over the past 12 months: U.S. businesses debated the Jobs and Tax Act proposed by President Trump and whether it would go into effect December 31 or January 1, a single day of difference that would incur far-reaching business and tax implications.
Portions of the year also focused on tariffs and trade, and in response, businesses had to be increasingly agile adjusting their supply chains. Using tools without these predictive capabilities can leave decision-makers in the dark on what might happen in the future. Connected Planning methodologies, and the technology that supports them, can enable timely, reliable forward-looking decisions by replacing discrete, opaque, siloed, and offline toolsets.
Machine-learning technology, along with predictive and advanced analytics, can reveal deep insights from external and internal data around business drivers and trends to inform and influence more insightful business decisions. Machine-learning methodologies applied within a financial planning platform, for example, can quickly analyze historical sales data, weather, and social media to discern their impact on customer demand.
This information can then be used to create more reliable forecasts, a more accurate financial outlook, and help inform better decision-making while still maintaining a holistic view of planning across the company.
According to 
, 74 percent of companies plan more frequently now than they did five years ago, yet only 15 percent of businesses execute on all of their plans. For finance, teams have traditionally spent too much time collecting and validating data rather than business partnering and driving collaboration.
Here are three considerations that can help increase high-value collaboration:
Looking to the future, finance teams can continue to explore and uncover new opportunities through breakthrough analytics and automation, especially as efforts focus on finance-led, Connected Planning approaches. From a holistic vision to ongoing revision, today’s finance leaders are on an evolutionary journey of continuous learning and business empowerment.
Google is bringing its new For You tab to Google Maps on iOS, the company announced today, and the feature is also expanding to more countries on Android.
Google 
 for Google Maps at its annual 
. One of the new features was a dedicated section inside the app called For You, which is basically a personalized culinary section showing local neighborhood places, such as trending restaurants, recommended eateries based on a user’s history, restaurant reviews, and updates from eateries that they follow.
Users can also choose to follow specific areas — be it an entire city, a street, or a neighborhood, and receive relevant updates in the For You section.
So far, the For You tab has been limited to just a handful of markets, including the U.S., U.K., Canada, Australia, and Japan — and only those using Android. Starting from today, however, anyone with an Android or iOS device in the aforementioned markets — plus more than 130 new markets — will be able to access For You.
Above: Google Maps: For You tab
Google hasn’t revealed what the new markets are, but 130 new countries represents a considerable expansion and thus will likely include many parts of Europe, Asia, and the Americas.
This rollout comes a month after Google 
 for people to “follow” a business, such as their favorite coffee shop, retailer, or — indeed — restaurant through Google Maps. This feature essentially positions Google Maps as something akin to a social network, with businesses able to post updates for their customers — updates that can be found in the For You section.
“The For You tab is designed to be a constant source of inspiration tailored to your tastes and preferences,” noted Google Maps product manager Jamie Aspinall, in a 
. “Simply follow neighborhoods or places you’re interested in to get updates and recommendations — everything from recent news about an opening or pop up, a new menu item, and even restaurant suggestions based on what you’re likely to enjoy.”
Elsewhere, Google also recently 
 inside Google Maps that includes real-time visualizations of the current status of your bus or train.
Amazon’s 
 is getting a slew of useful new features ahead of the holiday season. The Seattle company announced this morning that users of its ubiquitous voice assistant can now set location-based routines and reminders, discover and call local businesses and restaurants via voice requests, sift through multiple email inboxes for important messages, and much, much more.
The enhancements — a few of which were announced at an 
 — are rolling out to Alexa users starting today and will be available to all U.S. customers in the coming days.
So what’s new, specifically? Well, the aforementioned location-based routines — which use your phone’s location and can be configured via the latest Alexa companion app for Android and iOS — let you trigger actions when you enter or leave the gym, work, or some other geofenced location. You can create a routine that switches off the living room lights when you leave home, for instance, or flips on central heating when you pull up to the driveway.
Location-based reminders work in much the same way. Saying a command like “Alexa, remind me to wash the dishes when I get home” will queue up a notification when you approach the specified destination. Unlike location-based routines, they’re device-agnostic to a degree — if you set a location-based reminder for someplace without a nearby Alexa device, you’ll receive a push notification through the Alexa app.
On the email front, Alexa now responds to voice commands like “Alexa, check my email” and “Alexa, did I get an email from [contact]?” — both of which yield a summary of new and important messages from the last 24 hours. (The latter lets you set up a one-time notification so you don’t miss new messages from that contact.) Messages can be deleted, replied to, or archived with voice commands, and Gmail, Outlook.com, Hotmail, and Live.com are currently supported. They’re protected with a personalized voice PIN and can be managed individually by household members through the Alexa app.
In addition to the new location-based and email features, Alexa now returns information about local businesses when you request it by voice. Ask “Alexa where is the nearest Whole Foods?” for example, and you’ll get an address. Follow it up with “Alexa, call them,” and the assistant will place a phone call.
And that’s not all that’s new. Routines now support sleep timers for music, making it easier to create routines that play songs or white noise on a schedule. They also support wait actions and notifications, letting you program Alexa to perform tasks at specific intervals and send a push alert as part of a routine. Do Not Disturb can now be enabled as part of routines. And routines can stop audio on any or all of your Alexa devices.
Last, but not least, Alexa Timers have been improved. You’re now able to add and remove time with voice commands, like “Alexa, add five minutes to my timer.” And parents can set up “kid-friendly” routines using the Echo Dot Kid’s Edition or any Echo, Echo Dot, or Echo Plus with FreeTime enabled. (FreeTime, for the uninitiated, is an optional monthly subscription service that offers access to content titles for children ages three to 12 years.) Customizable preconfigured routines will also be available for parents, Amazon said.
The new features come days after Amazon’s Alexa team launched a self-learning system that “detects the defects in Alexa’s understanding and 
” without the need for human intervention. Amazon also recently rolled out a 
 feature that allows users to find new playlists through voice. And last week the company announced 
, a feature that lets customers tackle uncommon questions by submitting answers that may be distributed to millions of Alexa users around the world.
, a web-based project management app launched seven years ago by Fog Creek Software and later 
, is a powerful collaboration tool. Its cross-platform dashboard is organized around the idea of boards, or digital whiteboards in a Kanban-style workflow populated by cards containing attachments, to-do items, hyperlinks, due dates, comments, and more. The platform is a highly visual drag-and-drop affair, with a robust ecosystem of third-party Chrome extensions and native apps called Power-Ups — not to mention integrations with services like BitBucket, Google Drive, Dropbox, Salesforce, Slack, and other apps via its API.
But while flexibility is arguably one of Trello’s greatest strengths, it’s become something of an Achilles’ heel in recent years. For example, it doesn’t take long for some tasks, like archiving old content and copying cards from one board to another, to become dreaded chores when you’re forced to perform them day in and day out. Ditto for tedium like sorting lists and maintaining a unified calendar.
That’s why Oscar Triscon, an entrepreneur and developer, launched Butler in 2016. Not unlike IFTTT, it’s a rules-based system that lets Trello users program routines and processes using natural language. And today it’s being acquired by Atlassian.
“When we look at productivity and the way people are working, they’re spending hours doing meaningless, repetitive tasks. [That’s given rise] to the popularity of tools like Siri Shortcuts and Zapier,” Michael Pryor, cofounder and CEO of Trello, told VentureBeat in an interview last week. “There’s a way to automate these tasks, and the tools to make these automations are now more accessible than ever.”
Above: Butler’s setup flow.
Butler, which is currently available as a Power-Up, will be integrated into Trello in the coming months. Some of its functionality will be made available to all users, but customers who subscribe to Trello’s premium tiers — the $10 per user per month Business Class plan and $20.83 per user per month Enterprise plan — will get “more advanced” capabilities and higher usage thresholds.
In a phone conversation last week, Triscon said he conceived of the idea for Butler almost three years ago, shortly after he started using Trello to organize his personal life and development at a software company. An early prototype garnered attention within the Trello community on Reddit, where Triscon said people reacted “super positively.”
“Trello is amazing for creating your own processes because it doesn’t bring you to a particular way of working, but [it lacks] native automation,” he said. “I could see that there was a lot of demand for [something like Butler].”
Butler has experienced meteoric growth in the intervening months. Today, it has “thousands” of customers and “tens of thousands” of active users, Triscon said.
To a degree, it’s benefiting from the momentum of a robotic process automation (RPA) market that flew past 
 in revenue last year. It’s not tough to see why — repetitive, monotonous tasks are an enormous time sink. Employees spend nearly a quarter of their time on repetitive chores, according to 
, and about 60 percent estimate they could save six or more hours a week if at least a few of those activities were handled by intelligent machines.
Above: Creating a command in Butler.
Butler is easy to get the hang of, but its simplicity belies its extensibility. It consists of two core components: ButlerBot, an autonomous account within Trello boards that performs tasks on a user’s behalf, and the aforementioned Power-Up app, which adds task-triggering buttons to the right-hand list of actions in Trello cards.
They’re both tuned from Butler’s command builder, a settings menu overflowing with customization options. Triggers set off operations when something occurs, like a due date. Actions, on the other hand, automate manual tasks like adding checklists, renaming cards, and moving items to a board column.
Butler completes most commands fairly quickly — Triscon said the internal target is around 30 seconds. Moreover, with the help of artificial intelligence (AI), Butler learns from the past three months of Trello board activity to automatically suggest candidates for automation.
ButlerBot rules can become quite sophisticated. For example, it’s possible to create one that pings relevant users and bounces a card to the bottom of a list if said card is missing specific requirements, like an attachment or a to-do list. The PowerUp buttons are no less powerful — in a demo, Triscon created one that moved a card to the top of a list and posted a comment — a task that’d normally take multiple clicks and a fair amount of typing.
Above: An automated task performed by Butler.
“Atlassian’s mission is to unleash the potential of every team,” Pryor said. “Butler takes the things that people do and automates them in a way that unleashes their potential.”
Trello’s acquisition of Butler comes a little over a month after workplace startup Coda — a kind of canvas that blends spreadsheets, presentations, apps, and documents in one — rolled out 
, a feature that similarly enables users to program rules and perform actions. Unlike Butler, Automations works with third-party services like Slack and SMS.
And it comes as competition in the workflow productivity is heating up. In November, 
, an Excel-like extensible spreadsheet creator with a no-code drag-and-drop interface, secured $100 million at a valuation of $1.1 billion.
Butler has basic email and HTTP request functionality, but Pryor said that app integration is on the roadmap. He stressed that it’s only the first of many automation improvements heading to Trello, which as of September 2017 had more than 35 million users.
“Working more efficiently has become a necessary skill with the constant demands on time in the modern workplace … Since changing the number of hours in a day or weeks in a year is not an option, people have to figure out how to get more done in the same amount of time,” he wrote in a forthcoming blog post. “That’s where Trello comes in, and that’s why we’re investing in bringing the power of automation to the masses. Butler is Trello’s first step down this road, enabling every user to automate pieces of their Trello workflow to save time, stay organized, and get more done.”
 Qualcomm on Monday said it had won a preliminary order from a Chinese court banning the importation and sale of several Apple iPhone models in China that the court found violated two of 
.
The preliminary order affects the 
 through the 
. The ruling came from the Fuzhou Intermediate People’s Court in China, the same court that earlier this year banned the import of some of memory chip maker Micron Technology’s chips into China. Qualcomm initially filed the case in China in late 2017.
The court found Apple violated two of Qualcomm’s software patents around resizing photographs and managing applications on a touch screen.
“Apple continues to benefit from our intellectual property while refusing to compensate us,” Don Rosenberg, general counsel of Qualcomm, said in a statement.
Because the patents concern software, Apple could make changes to its software to avoid the patents and still be able to sell its phones.
The patents in the suit, which Qualcomm said on Monday had been upheld by the Chinese patent office, are separate from those being contested in other cases in its 
. Qualcomm has also asked regulators in the United States to ban the importation of several iPhone models over patent concerns, but U.S. officials have so far declined to do so.
The specific iPhone models affected by the preliminary ruling in China are the 
, 
, 
 and 
.
Skylum’s Luminar has evolved over the last several years from a basic photo editing tool to a legitimate Adobe Lightroom challenger, and AI tools are about to help it take the next big step forward. With the release of 
 for Windows PCs and Macs only a week away, Skylum says it’s working on new AI-powered smart tools that will be coming in updates throughout 2019.
In the current version of Luminar, Skylum includes an AI Sky Enhancer, which automatically analyzes traditionally overexposed skies and makes selective, gentle adjustments to bring out both colors and cloud details. There’s also an Accent AI Filter that simultaneously applies contrast, color, exposure, and detail controls using a single slider, making flat images look judiciously dynamic.
Skylum says that between January and July 2019 the Mac and PC versions of Luminar will add AI tools for editing skin in portrait photos, improving architecture, automatically removing objects, and applying image masks. For business users of its cloud-based Picturespeed service, Skylum is also working on AI-assisted batch processing of images, including smart resolution enhancement and color correction, full body skin retouching, and stylization tools.
AI is becoming an increasingly potent technology for photography, now doing everything from 
 to reducing 
 to cleaning up 
. A particularly amazing recent application is 
, which uses machine learning to transform unusably dark images from a phone into impressively lit photographs. Leveraging these AI innovations, developers of photo-editing software can win over customers by making post-processing simpler and more powerful than ever before.
Apart from its growing collection of AI photo editing tools, Luminar 3’s most noteworthy addition is library support, enabling users to easily manage, browse, and rate a huge collection of photographs. Thanks to this feature, Luminar is now potentially capable of replacing Apple’s Photos app on the low end and Adobe’s Lightroom on the high end, though obviously without full integration with the other companies’ cloud-based solutions.
Luminar 3 is available for 
 for $59, a discount from its regular $69 price, including a license good for up to five Macs or PCs. Preorderers get the existing version of the app immediately, plus a download of the upgraded version on December 18.
      
    
  
NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 10, 2018–
      
™,       the parent company of 
®,       today announced it has completed a $6 million Series A financing round.       The company has partnered with the music industry to bring       Songbytes™-byte-sized music clips-into social and text messages to       enable richer communications, deeper artist promotion, and drive music       consumption. To date, Gifnote has built a patented technology platform       that includes a proprietary database and search engine of licensed       Songbytes. Available for consumers as an 
 and at 
,       the company has also recently launched its API for social and digital       platforms. Currently, the API is available for Slack and will be       announcing additional integrations soon.    
      Working in partnership with the music industry, Gifnote provides a       simple and effective way for music to be integrated into the 10 billion       pieces of byte-sized content shared daily across text and social       channels. The company works with the music labels, publishers, artist       managers, artists, and back-end reporting platforms to ensure compliance       and thought leadership in this new space.    
      The lead investor for Audiobyte’s Series A round is Evolution VC       Partners, the investment vehicle of Gregg Smith, a culture-tech investor       who also joined Audiobyte’s board. Other strategic investors include       leaders in the consumer, music, and mobile space including DG Incubation       (Digital Garage Group), Joi Ito’s Neoteny 4, Brett Berish, CEO of       Sovereign Brands, Andrew McKee, co-founder of Hear Music, and Michael       Shallet, founder of Soundscan.    
      “Messaging has become the most relevant cultural platform for       communication and self-expression, and when combined with music can       enable a level of emotional context far beyond silent emojis, photos, or       GIFs,” said Gregg Smith of Evolution. “The combination of Gifnote’s API       technology platform and their partnership with the music industry       uniquely positions the company as a leader in music messaging.”    
      Gifnote is the category pioneer for powering music and audio as a form       of communication across all digital and mobile platforms. The new       investment will help build upon Gifnote’s engineering, search engine,       and the continued deployment of its API.    
      The Series A financing builds on the past year’s successes including       Gifnote landing a coveted spot as Apple’s “App of the Day,” and “New       Apps We Love.” Additionally, two senior executives recently joined the       executive team: Erin Johnson, the former Chief Communications Officer at       J. Walter Thompson Worldwide, was appointed Chief Communication Officer       and Richard Johnson, the former Co-Founder and President of Qello, was       named as Executive Advisor. These appointments add further expertise to       the current roster of music, mobile, and brand experts who have joined       Gifnote from such companies as Bandsintown, HearMusic, and Soundscan.    
      “Music and messaging are a natural fit with global scale and fascinating       implications,” stated Andrew Blacker, Audiobyte CEO and Co-Founder. “We       remain dedicated in our mission to support the music industry in the new       landscape of ‘byte-sized’ communication while elevating messaging with       music’s universal appeal.”    
      
®
       is a music app that uses patented and proprietary technology allowing       people to ‘pair and share’ Songbytes-byte-sized music clips of the       world’s most popular songs- with GIFs, videos and photos. Working in       partnership with the music industry, including Universal Music Group,       Warner Music Group, and Sony Music Entertainment, Gifnote is the only       fully-licensed and compliant music messaging app and API. Gifnote is the       first product from its parent company, 
™,       and was recently named Apple’s “App of the Day.”    
      
™
       is the creator of a patented and proprietary technology platform,       database and search engine of legally compliant Songbytes™-byte-sized       music clips. With its scalable API, Audiobyte powers communication using       five to fifteen-second clips of popular music across all digital and       mobile platforms. Its debut product, 
™,       has been featured as Apple’s “App of the Day.”    
      Erin Johnson
Chief Communications Officer
917-242-0931    
Professional athletes are no strangers to the power of artificial intelligence. Whether it’s the computer vision tools that
 or the machine learning platform that
, AI is empowering athletes to achieve previously unthinkable levels of performance.
But what about professional video gamers? While spectator gaming events are not yet quite as popular as professional football or soccer, the esports industry is
 by 2020. With so much money at stake in one of the fastest-growing parts of the media landscape, it’s only natural that elite gamers are looking for an edge wherever they can find one.
Increasingly, this means that gamers are turning to state-of-the-art AI technology for in-depth gameplay analysis, granular predictions and personalized recommendations — just like their pro sports peers.
If you wanted to understand what AI tools have to offer when it comes to improving gaming performance, you’d only have to look at how AI bots have fared when pitted against human players.
OpenAI, a non-profit AI research organization co-founded by Elon Musk, created bots that
 in the MOBA Dota 2. Though the bots lost, they maintained a strong chance of winning through the first 20 minutes-to-35 minutes of both games. If the development of OpenAI’s software is anything like that of
, it won’t be long before it’s capable of toppling world champions.
Meanwhile, other AI tools are predicting game outcomes, allowing players to see how different strategies might have changed the game’s ultimate result. The 
 paper, published by Lund University, discusses how tracking player and team in-game behaviors through machine learning can predict which team is most likely to take the lead. In Dota 2, the paper concludes, “encounter outcomes can be predicted based on the initial conditions, and the outcome of the encounters can be used to predict match outcomes.”
In effect, these machine learning algorithms give players access to complex data insights on par with the sabermetric tools that major sports teams use to construct their rosters.
The rise of gaming AI comes at a time when gamers are increasingly hiring human coaches to take their skills to the next level.
Gamer Sensei, a platform that connects players to certified online coaches across major esports titles,
 since 2016. Through a sophisticated matchmaking algorithm, the company matches players to the coach that best fits their skill level.
But while human coaches can answer detailed questions, they usually don’t have access to detailed statistics or advanced number-crunching tools. And with hourly rates that can run upwards of $150 per hour, human instruction can get expensive rather quickly.
By contrast, AI is capable of providing detailed, personalized insight based on the vast troves of data gamers create as they play. Essentially, these tools take large quantities of information and distill them into actionable adjustments players can make to improve their chances of winning.
With each passing month, esports commands a larger audience and even greater advertising revenues. For elite gamers, the stakes of high performance will only continue to grow as MOBAs like Dota 2 become more popular with a younger generation that is increasingly comfortable watching other people play video games.
We’re only just scratching the surface of what AI can do to improve the performance of high-end gamers. With developers and gamers each incentivized to develop new, creative solutions for optimizing gameplay, we expect to see more robust, more effective analytical tools in the years to come.
In short, today’s esports players are the smartest, fastest and most effective gamers yet — and they’re only getting smarter.
(
) — 
, which pioneered on-demand ride-hailing, is suing Uber, alleging it engaged in predatory pricing and anticompetitive practices that ultimately put Sidecar out of business.
The lawsuit, filed in U.S. district court in San Francisco on Tuesday morning, claims “Uber became hell-bent on stifling competition from competing ride-hailing apps,” and used subsidies and made fake ride requests to competitors in a bid to dominate the market. Sidecar went out of business in December 2015 and sold its assets to General Motors in 2016.
The lawsuit comes after Uber made a confidential filing for an initial public offering last Thursday and is the latest in a long line of legal disputes targeting Uber, which has battled drivers and rival companies.
The complaint was brought by SC Innovations, the successor to Sidecar after it was shuttered. Sunil Paul, the co-founder of Sidecar, said that with Uber, “it was never a fair fight.”
“That’s why Sidecar failed,” Paul said in a blog post. “And it’s also why both drivers and passengers are left with higher prices and fewer choices today. Now it is clear that Uber’s predatory and anticompetitive strategy worked.”
Sidecar alleged in the lawsuit that “Uber’s senior officers and executives directed clandestine campaigns” to place fraudulent ride requests on the Sidecar app. Drivers were inundated with ride requests sent by Uber that were canceled before they arrived at the pick-up destinations.
“That triggered a vicious cycle that undermined the ability of Sidecar’s app to challenge Uber,” the lawsuit says.
Sidecar launched a ride-hailing service in 2012, and was the first app to show passengers the price before they booked a ride and to match passengers for car pooling.
Uber, which was founded in 2009 and had operated a black-car service with professional drivers, launched its lower-cost ride-hailing service in 2013. Ride service Lyft also began in 2012, with all three companies headquartered in San Francisco.
Lyft, Uber’s chief U.S. rival with about 35 percent of the market, last week 
. Most economists consider the ride-hailing industry a duopoly.
“Ridesharing is a highly competitive industry, with many players coming and going over the years, like Sidecar. Not all have survived,” an Uber spokesman said in a statement. “New competitors, along with low prices, benefit consumers and reflect the exact type of competition that the antitrust laws are meant to protect.”
The spokesman said the lawsuit’s timing, 
, “is not a coincidence.”
According to Sidecar’s lawsuit, Uber gave bonuses and other subsidies to drivers, reduced passenger fares and lost money on every ride.
“Uber intentionally sustained near-term losses that were designed to drive Sidecar out of the market while Uber acquired a dominant market position,” the lawsuit says.
In 2015, Uber passengers were only paying about 40 percent of the cost of rides, using funding to sustain the losses.
By the end of 2015, Uber had raised $6.9 billion from private market investors, and Lyft had more than $1 billion in funding, according to data firm PitchBook. Sidecar had raised about $43 million, hardly able to compete in a subsidy war.
Since 2016, Uber has repeatedly raised prices for passengers in most markets, increased its commission and cut the amount it pays per mile to drivers, as has Lyft.
 announced today that 
 is getting some new experiences in 2019. Early in the New Year, the multiplayer role-playing game is having crossover with The Witcher that will be free to everyone. In fall 2019, Monster Hunter: World is getting its first major expansion, Iceborne.
Monster Hunter: World came out for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One on January 26 of this year. A PC version released on August 9. The game has been a big hit, selling over 10 million copies around the world. Importantly, it’s helped the Monster Hunter franchise — which has long been popular in Japan — become a bigger deal in North America.
Iceborne will add new monsters, gear, quests, and locations. As you can guess from the name, it will have a snowy aesthetic.
Introducing Monster Hunter World: Iceborne, a massive expansion coming to 
 in 2019. 
— Monster Hunter (@monsterhunter) 
The Witcher collaboration isn’t the first crossover for Monster Hunter: World. The game has already welcomed 
 into its universe. The Witcher stars a hero named Geralt, who is a monster hunter himself. The series is a natural fit for Monster Hunter: World.
Worlds will collide with the next big 
 collaboration – The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt! Coming for free in early 2019. 
— Monster Hunter (@monsterhunter) 
Monster Hunter had a strong debut year, but these new projects could help keep it relevant throughout 2019.
New World Interactive isn’t interested in creating yet another generic shooter. The indie studio only cares about one thing: making sure that Insurgency: Sandstorm is one of the most intense and yet rewarding multiplayer experiences you’ll ever have.
Lead game designer Michael Tsarouhas knew they were on the right path when one of their military consultants, a former soldier in the U.S. Army who fought in Afghanistan, told him that one particular sound effect in the game triggered a profound emotional reaction.
“He heard the mortar shells landing, and he said he never heard it so realistically depicted — this ‘wet thwap’ I think was the way he described it, the smack, the slap of it against the ground,” said Tsarouhas. “It was so intense that it brought him to tears.”
It’s just one of many stories that New World has heard from veterans who play its games. That realism has been a core part of the studio’s DNA since its founding in 2010, when Jeremy Blum (one of the minds behind the 2007 Half-Life 2 mod Insurgency: Modern Infantry Combat) brought back some of his fellow modders to make a standalone version of their creation.
That game, which was simply called 
, came out in 2014 on PC and quickly became popular among players looking for a hardcore multiplayer shooter. With more than five million copies sold, it was only a matter of time before New World set out to make a sequel.
Coming to PC on December 12 (with a console version following in 2019), Insurgency: Sandstorm is set in a fictional conflict in the Middle East, with players fighting for either the government-led Security forces or the Insurgents. It keeps the same elements that made the first game so compelling — a minimal HUD, realistic gunplay, and objective-based modes — and adds in a number of new features, including bigger maps and armed vehicles.
“The core Insurgency experience is still there, where people die really quickly and you have to work together and play as a team,” said Tsarouhas.
While Sandstorm depicts a made-up war, the developers spent a lot of time researching actual conflicts (like those happening in Yemen, Syria, and Afghanistan) and talking to ex-soldiers to make sure it feels like a credible campaign. For example, another one of their consultants provided them with GoPro footage from recent fighting in Iraq.
Level designers then used the videos, which depict hectic gunfights as well as moments of downtime, as reference for building out Sandstorm’s multiplayer maps.
“I interviewed local fighters and learned about how the concept of insurgency evolved from 2010 to 2018,” said Tsarouhas. “There hasn’t really been a game about that. It’s all been like Iraq and Afghanistan pre-2008. And we found interesting stuff, like the weapons that are being used by various factions, the vehicles, the kinds of air support and fire support you encounter.”
“That’s a big deal: You never play as an Iraqi in a game about the Iraq War, right? Unless you’re the insurgents or the rebels or the terrorists. That’s not so in our game. Now you can play as indigenous fighters, but also as special operations, as mercenaries, and all these different things.”
Ultimately, the fictional premise allows New World more flexibility when it comes to the type of weapons, equipment, and infantry it wants to use in the game. It also lets Sandstorm have a robust customization feature. When creating your character, you can change your appearance, your gender, your clothing, and the voice-over that you want to use.
Each of the VO options, which include soldiers from various backgrounds, have around 1,200 lines of dialogue each — something you wouldn’t normally expect from a multiplayer game.
But as with the first Insurgency, good audio is crucial when it comes to creating a grounded combat experience. The dialogue changes depending on what kind of context you’re in. For instance, what your character says when they’re reloading normally (yelling loudly to teammates to overcome the din of battle) and when they’re reloading while under fire are quite different to reflect the intensity of the situation.
Continuing the franchise’s reputation for strong and varied voice acting is something Tsarouhas takes great pride in, as he originally entered the industry as a voice actor (he wrote and acted out most of the dialogue in Insurgency).
“We need that variety so you don’t hear the same things over and over. In my opinion, a lot of games don’t care enough about aesthetics, and that includes voice-over,” he said. “So it’s something that’s really important to us because our game is supposed to be intense. It’s supposed to be scary and you should really feel invested. We want people to feel immersed and this is all a big part of it.”
New World plans on adding more voice-over options in the future, as well as new weapons, maps, customization items, and mod support — for free. That kind of extensive post-launch content is what helped make Insurgency such a huge success for the young studio, and in that respect, it doesn’t want to change a thing.
As much effort as New World put into making Sandstorm look and sound like a real war (especially now that it uses Unreal Engine 4 instead of the aging Source engine), it still understands that at the end of the day, the combat needs to be fun. Insurgency’s core gameplay isn’t quite on the simulation level of something like the Arma series or Escape from Tarkov, but at the same time, it’s also vastly different from the arcade-like offerings seen in Battlefield and Call of Duty.
The developers like to think Insurgency and Insurgency: Sandstorm creates their own style, somewhere in the middle of those extremes with their mix of cooperative (fighting against A.I. bots) and competitive modes. They’re the kind of games that are easy to learn and yet hard to master.
“We want people to get scared when they play. We want people to feel invested in the action,” said Tsarouhas. “When they finally capture that objective, it’s a big deal. Everything reinforces this: how quickly you die, the audio, the fact that there are no medics. … All this comes together to make a scary, tense experience.”
We have our first look at the 
 live action movie via an animated trailer revealed by 
. It disturbs me.
 
A post shared by 
 (@igndotcom) on 
The movie is coming out on November 8. Mind you, this isn’t a great look at the movie version of Sonic. It’s just a silhouette. But I already don’t like what I see. Sonic’s proportions and musculature are freaking me out.
I was skeptical when I heard about the existence of a live-action Sonic movie, but I began to warm to the idea. The idea of Jim Carrey playing villain Dr. Robotnik sounded silly enough to work. I was also happy to learn that Ben Schwartz would be voicing Sonic in the film. Not only is he hilarious as Jean-Ralphio in my favorite sitcom ever, 
, but he’s shown of his voice acting skills recently by playing Dewey Duck in the new 
.
Even 
 for the upcoming live-action Pokémon movie, 
, gave me hope for 
. That film is somehow making the cartoony Pokémon still look like their classic selves while appearing just a bit more realistic so that they’re not jarring when sharing the screen with actual humans.
But this version of Sonic? With his well-toned thighs? I’m not sold. I don’t understand why people always feel the need to reinvent Sonic. His original look, which you can see at the top of this story, is so appealing. But then Sonic had to go and make him “cooler” by elongating his limbs.
Above: The new Sonic on the left, the classic Sonic on the right.
The movie could have gone back to the better version of Sonic, but it’s doing its own thing. It’s own weird, creepy thing.
Using post-production software to place things realistically in scenes is much tougher for computers than for humans. It requires not only determining an appropriate location for said object, but trying to predict the object’s appearance at the target location — its scale, occlusions, pose, shape, and more.
Fortunately, artificial intelligence (AI) promises to lend a hand. In a paper accepted at the 
 conference last week (“
“), researchers at Seoul National University, the University of California at Merced, and Google AI describe a system that learns to insert an object into an image in a “semantically coherent” — that is to say, convincing — manner.
“Inserting objects into an image that conforms to scene semantics is a challenging and interesting task. The task is closely related to many real-world applications, including image synthesis, AR and VR content editing and domain randomization,” the researchers wrote. “Such an object insertion model can potentially facilitate numerous image editing and scene parsing applications.”
Their end-to-end framework comprises two modules — one that determines where the inserted object should be and a second that determines what it should look like — that leverage GANs, or two-part neural networks consisting of 
 that produce samples and 
that attempt to distinguish between the generated samples and real-world samples. Because the system simultaneously models the distribution with respect to an inserted image, it enables both modules to communicate with and optimize each other.
Above: A schematic of the system’s flow.
“The main technical novelty of this work is to construct an end-to-end trainable neural network that can sample plausible locations and shapes for the new object from its joint distribution,” the paper’s authors wrote. “The synthesized object instances can be used either as an input for GAN based methods or for retrieving the closest segment from an existing dataset, to generate new images.”
As they explain, the generator in this case predicts “plausible” location to generate object masks with “semantically coherent” scales, poses, and shapes — specifically how objects are distributed in a scene and how to insert an object naturally so that it appears to be a part of the scene. Over time, in the course of training, the AI system learns a different distribution for each object category conditioned on a scene — for example, in images of city streets, the fact that people tend to be on sidewalks and cars are usually on the road.
In tests, the researchers’ model outperformed the baseline by inserting realistically shaped objects. When an image recognizer — YOLOv3 — was applied to images produced by the AI, it was able to detect the synthesized objects with .79 recall. More tellingly, in a survey performed with workers from Amazon’s Mechanical Turk, 43 percent thought that the AI-generated objects were real.
“This shows that our approach is capable of performing the object synthesis and insertion task,” the researchers wrote. “As our method jointly models 
 and 
, it could be used for solving other computer vision problems. One of the interesting future works would be handling occlusions between objects.”
About 37 percent of technologists believe that most people won’t be better off in the next 10 years as a result of advances in artificial intelligence (AI) and related technologies. That’s according to a Pew Center Research survey of more than 979 developers, business executives, and policy leaders, the results of which were published today to coincide with a presentation at the Our People-Centered Digital Future conference in San Jose, California.
Study participants made clear their anxieties about human agency, with some saying they worried that people might lose control over their lives as “black box” tools contribute increasingly to decision-making. A number were concerned by the fact that AI largely remains under the purview of companies unbound to the public good, and others said they worried about dependency lock-in — the eroding ability for people to think for themselves — and the destructive capabilities of autonomous weapons, cybercrime, and propaganda.
“I see AI and machine learning as augmenting human cognition a la Douglas Engelbart,” Vint Cerf, Internet Hall of Fame member and vice president and chief internet evangalist at Google, told Pew. “There will be abuses and bugs, some harmful, so we need to be thoughtful about how these technologies are implemented and used …”
Respondents to a 
 earlier this year expressed similar reservations about AI. More than 20 percent ranked “cybersecurity vulnerabilities” as a key issue in AI development and adoption, while 43 percent rated “making the wrong strategic decisions based on AI/cognitive recommendations” as among the top three. Moreover, about 39 percent cited the failure of AI in a mission-critical or life-and-death situation as one of their fears.
The Pew report acutely focused on artificial narrow intelligence (ANI), or machine intelligence like Apple’s Siri, Amazon’s Alexa, and Microsoft’s Cortana that equal or exceed people’s abilities at specific tasks. Survey participants said they were concerned humans might sacrifice their independence, right to privacy, and power over choice because of the “perceived advantages” to be gained with ANI, and they worried that ANI will remain prone to “errors, biases, and false logic, or mistaken assumptions.”
“These experts point out the vast opportunities and frightening possibilities presented by autonomous systems,” Lee Rainie, director of internet and technology research at Pew Research Center, said.
Respondents predict that, in the years ahead, AI might soon match or exceed human intelligence in tasks such as complex decision-making, reasoning, analytics and pattern recognition, speech recognition, and language translation. However, they concede that it’s not entirely a bad thing.
In health care, they expect AI will play an increasing a role in diagnosing and treating patients, and that in businesses and smart cities alike, it’ll save time and money by performing repetitive, monotonous tasks currently undertaken by human workers. According to the McKinsey Global Institute, those sorts of labor market shifts will result in a 1.2 percent increase in gross domestic product growth (GDP) for the next 10 years and help capture an additional 20-25 percent in net economic benefits — $13 trillion globally — in the next 12 years.
Not all studies on AI’s jobs impact have painted a particularly rosy picture, to be fair. 
, 
, and 
 forecast that AI could make redundant as many as 75 million jobs by 2025. And 
 this year predicted that the portion of jobs calling for “low digital skills” may fall to 30 percent in 2030 from the current 40 percent, as jobs that require higher skills increase to 50 percent from 40 percent.
Then again, fears of a robot-dominated future might be misplaced. In PricewaterhouseCoopers 11th annual 
, only 53 percent of business, experience, and technology executives in over 60 countries said they were planning AI investments and use cases. About 19 percent said they had at least one use case and a plan, and a measly 4 percent said that they’ve successfully implemented the technology.
The respondents to the Pew report proposed three solutions that might help lead to desirable outcomes with regard to AI:
“A number of these experts focused on possible solutions to the problems they foresee,” Janna Anderson, director of Elon University’s Imagining the Internet Center and a survey respondent, said. “They can be distilled to a pretty clear plea: People should join forces to innovate widely accepted approaches aimed at open, decentralized, intelligent networks. They suggest economic and political systems should be reinvented … [to] expand their capacities and capabilities to heighten human/AI collaboration.”
The Pew Research Center’s survey was the 10th in a series — the Future of the Internet — conducted in partnership with Elon University’s Imagining the Internet Center. Additional reports to questions asked about the internet and Arpanet will be released next year.
On the 25th anniversary of the launch of the original Doom, 
 has revealed 
, a free “megawad” (a big mod) for the first game from 1993.
Those who own the original can play the new megawad, which has nine single-player levels and nine deathmatch levels from Romero, who was co-creator of the original title at id Software. His new company is 
.
The free megawad will be released in mid-February. Sigil is the spiritual successor to the fourth episode of Doom, and it picks up where the original left off.
But the title is not part of the current Doom franchise, which belongs to id Software, now a division of ZeniMax Media. Sigil is a “mod,” or fan-created level collection. A megawad is a wad made up of other wads, and a wad is a default file format for Doom and Doom II. (It stands for “where’s all the data”).
In a FAQ for fans, Romero wrote about why he made the mod. “People have been asking me to make an entire episode for many years now, and that picked up a lot after I released E1M8B and E1M4B in 2016. Many messaged me to ask if I’d consider making a fifth episode for the 25th anniversary. So, back in 2016, that’s what I decided to do.”
Above: Sigil has 9 single-player levels and 9 Deathmatch levels.
He added, “Like all other mods, it will be free. However, I also wanted to do something special, so we decided to also create an incredible package that fans would love and include an amazing soundtrack by Buckethead. Everything that’s included in the fan boxes is really cool to show off, and Christopher Lovell’s art is fitting for such a hellish game. The Beast Box has to be the most evil game box I’ve seen.”
The story takes place after episode four of Doom and before Doom II.
“After killing the Spiderdemon at the end of E4M8 (Unto the Cruel), your next stop is Earth — you must save it from hellspawn that is causing unimaginable carnage,” Romero wrote. “But Baphomet glitched the final teleporter with his hidden sigil whose eldritch power brings you to even darker shores of hell. You fight through this stygian pocket of evil to confront the ultimate harbingers of Satan, then finally return to become Earth’s savior. In summary, rip and tear.”
Above: Sigil will have limited edition box sets for sale.
To build the levels, Romero used the 
 by Pascal vd Heiden (with support from several other authors). Doom Builder runs on Windows 10. Romero worked on Sigil on evenings and weekends and vacations during 2017 and 2018.
“I wanted to have a surprise for Doom’s 25th anniversary,” he wrote. “I learned a lot from E1M8B and E1M4B, so I think I did a better job this time. The boss level is terrifying. For me, making this whole episode was a labor of love and a reminder of all the amazing times that we had at id working on the original. I was fortunate to be a part of such a great team and a foundational game.”
Romero said he is working on something else, but “it will be done when it’s done. :)” Romero said he is looking forward to id’s next game, Doom Eternal, but he said he does not have anything to do with that work.
In addition to the free megawad, Sigil will also have two limited edition fan boxes created by Limited Run Games. The fan boxes feature music by metal guitar legend Buckethead, including a custom song written expressly for Sigil, and cover art by Christopher Lovell whose detailed work has been featured on numerous metal albums.
(Note: The free megawad does not ship with Buckethead’s music or Christopher Lovell’s art).
The 
 includes the following:
Above: Romero Games logo
This item is limited to two per customer. Meanwhile, the 
 includes the following:
Preorders for Sigil’s fan boxes are open only from December 10 to December 24. Both the fan boxes and the free megawad will ship mid-February. There will be a limited amount of boxes produced.
Orders at Limited Run Games begin today. Sigil is a mod for the original Doom and is distributed as such. Sigil is not affiliated with ZeniMax Media or id Software.
In closing, Romero wrote, “I don’t think any of us knew that Doom would have the impact that it has had. That people were asking me to make a full episode more than 23 years later? Genuinely, it’s an incredible honor. Aside from the impact it had on what would become the FPS genre, I believe the most important legacy of Doom is its community, the people who have kept it alive for 25 years through the creation of mods and tools. It’s not at all lost on me that I have gone from a creator to a part of the community in that space of time, and I love that.
He added, “My whole life has been about games, and if I hadn’t been a part of Doom’s creation, I would have absolutely been a hardcore member of its community. Another thing that’s been wonderful for me is a story I’ve been hearing a lot lately when I meet fans at tech conferences — they talk about having grown up playing Doom with their moms or dads and saying what wonderful memories they have. It’s a sign of Doom’s age, for certain, but it’s also a sign of its longevity. There are also so many people who got into tech because of Doom.”
Demand for mobile bandwidth continues to grow, but no one wants to 
 needed to augment 4G and 5G service. Working with Ericsson, Vodafone UK is rolling out a surprisingly viable way to hide networking equipment in cities: 4G and 5G hardware that attaches under manhole covers, radiating wireless signals upwards from ground level.
Historically, wireless providers have preferred to mount cellular hardware well above ground level, as rooftop- or streetlight-level radio signals can travel further with less physical interference. But localities across the world have 
 at letting “small cells” — the backpack-sized building blocks of 5G networks — flood public spaces, particularly at their standard 500-foot separation.
Ericsson has developed two ground level alternatives, the 
 reports, one attaching 4G/5G antennas underneath cast iron manhole covers, the other placing cellular hardware inside a barrel-shaped enclosure with a ruggedized top. Even at ground level, the enclosures can distribute the wireless signal across an over 650-foot radius, subject of course to the vagaries of vehicular interference.
Within the U.K., this solution will give Vodafone the ability to quickly add 4G and 5G cellular capacity in major cities, as unlike small cell towers, manhole-based solutions apparently do not require permission from city planners. Vodafone already controls hundreds of thousands of manholes, the report says, and hopes to contract with utility companies to open at least as many additional sites to cellular hardware.
Outside the U.K., other localities will likely benefit from the same innovation, both for consumer and government use. Beyond empowering faster smartphones, 5G is expected to play a key role in enabling autonomous vehicles, connected city infrastructures, and remote industrial applications, all of which might be better serviced by networks of manhole-based wireless signaling than by conventional towers.
Ericsson announced that it was working on an 
 for Swisscom back in 2016, and has been actively developing 5G small cell mounting alternatives to appease local and national concerns. The company’s 
 hides 5G hardware inside street lamps, enabling a neighborhood to improve both cellular reception and night time visibility without the need for conspicuous small cell hardware.
If 5G equipment bans from the 
, 
, and 
 weren’t enough this year, Huawei will end 2018 on an even worse note: 
 reports that Japan’s government has decided to block the Chinese company and its smaller rival ZTE from network hardware procurement. Not coincidentally, Canadian authorities are publicly discussing a similar ban following 
 of Huawei’s CFO.
Japan’s decision comes less than a month after the 
 to block Chinese cellular hardware from their wireless networks, in part due to concerns over monitoring of U.S. military base communications. According to reports, the U.S. floated the prospect of financial subsidies for compliant countries, alongside the threat of reduced assistance to non-compliant ones.
Kyodo reports that the Japanese government complied, and is coordinating with top cellular providers to remove Huawei and ZTE hardware from their networks. Three carriers have agreed to stop using Chinese 4G equipment and not introduce new 5G hardware into their networks. A soon-to-be-launched fourth carrier has also said it will not use Chinese networking gear.
“It’s extremely crucial not to procure equipment that embeds malicious functions including information theft and destruction,” said Yoshihide Suga, Japan’s Chief Cabinet Secretary, noting that the country is now studying what to do with already purchased Chinese hardware. Top carrier Softbank has indicated that it will replace Chinese 4G cellular products with U.S. and European alternatives, while rivals NTT Docomo, KDDI, and Rakuten will avoid using Huawei and ZTE networking hardware in their 5G infrastructures.
Notably, none of the Japanese carriers will stop selling consumer devices such as phones and tablets from Huawei or ZTE, as they are not believed to impact core network security. That’s unlikely to change in the immediate future, giving users the ability to keep purchasing comparatively inexpensive Chinese products — albeit with potential security risks.
Huawei has strongly 
 that its products constitute any form of security risk, and continues to offer its 5G networking hardware to carriers in South America, Africa, and Asia. ZTE was nearly 
 after a brief but 
 by the U.S. government, and 
, apparently without success.
China’s government has responded forcefully to each of the international bans, most recently defending Huawei and ZTE in a 
 ahead of the Japanese government’s decision. But the protestations have generally fallen on deaf ears, and U.S. officials have continued to lobby friendly intelligence agencies across the world.
Northern neighbor Canada could be the next major U.S. ally to block Huawei from its communications networks. 
 for a ban on Huawei 5G gear in October, but the government was largely quiet until shortly after Huawei CFO Meng Wanzhou — daughter of the company’s founder, Ren Zhengfei — was 
 last week on charges of violating U.S. sanctions against Iran.
Though Canadian authorities have described the arrest as non-political, it brought longstanding issues with Huawei to greater attention in the Canadian media. Shortly after 
 published a scathing opinion piece on Huawei, former Prime Minister Stephen Harper 
, suggesting that western allies needed to hold China accountable for “rule breaking” that imperiled its trade relationships with partners. “I obviously note that the United States is encouraging western allies to essentially push Huawei out of the emerging 5G network,” Harper said, “and my personal view is that that is something western countries should be doing in terms of our own long-term security issues.”
Soon thereafter, the 
 built upon Harper’s comments in an anti-Huawei editorial, saying that the company couldn’t be trusted to participate in Canada’s 5G network. And in a separate interview today, Canada’s Infrastructure Minister Francois-Philippe Champagne told the 
 that the country is relying upon input from its intelligence services in deciding whether to ban Huawei, putting national security first in the decision.
While there’s no timetable yet for Canada’s decision on Huawei, and Champagne has said that the issue is too important to be rushed, time is running out if the country hopes to deploy 5G over the next year. Huawei participated in 
 in February, but by March, Canadian authorities began to 
 The first live Canadian 5G network, dubbed ENCQOR, is scheduled to begin serving business customers in early 2019.
After discovering another security issue potentially impacting 52.5 million users, Google today 
 that the consumer version of Google+ will be shutting down four months sooner: in April 2019 instead of August 2019. Furthermore, Google will shut down all 
 within the next 90 days. “While we recognize there are implications for developers, we want to ensure the protection of our users,” said David Thacker, G suite vice president of product.
In October, Google announced its failed social network will be shutting down for consumers 
 that could have allowed malicious developer to collect the data of hundreds of thousands of users. The company said it had uncovered the vulnerability in March 2018 as part of Project Strobe, a 100-person team charged with conducting a sweeping review of third-party developer tools that permit access to Google account and Android device data.
Now, Google has discovered that “some users” were impacted by a software update introduced in November that “contained a bug affecting a Google+ API.” The company says no third party compromised its systems, and it has no evidence that the app developers were aware of it or misused it in any way during the six days the bug was present.
There’s never been a better time to become a professional game developer. Thanks to an increasingly wide range of powerful and affordable game development software and instruction, 
 and a little bit of programming knowledge can create best-selling games from the comfort of their home without investing hundreds of dollars and just as many hours in a traditional coding education.
But if you want to be successful in this competitive field, you need the right instruction under your belt. The ever-popular 
 offers a massive trove of in-depth instructional content, and a Lifetime Membership is currently available for over 95 percent off at just $59.
This extensive training library will help you turn your love of gaming into a full-fledged career, through 120 hours of expert-led tutorials that walk you through everything from the most essential and fundamental elements of game development to its most advanced tricks.
This instruction introduces you to essential platforms and programs such as Unity3D, and lifetime access means that you’ll always stay up to date on the latest software and advancements in the industry.
You’ll receive direct support from instructors and professionals with over 16 years of game industry experience, and enjoy unlimited access to thousands of dollars worth of royalty-free game art and textures.
There are also several modules that cover advanced 
 and animation techniques, along with the more nuanced elements of digital artistry.
Get the skills you need to become a professional game developer with a Lifetime Membership to the School of Game Design for 
 — over 95 percent off its usual price.
Facebook 
 that it is letting individual developers who aren’t associated with a business go through its revised app review process in order to regain access to certain APIs, after shutting them out earlier this year.
In May, Facebook 
 in response to criticism over how easily the creators of a personality quiz app were able to give user data over to 
. As part of the revised app review, developers who wanted to gain access to certain APIs had to verify the identity of the business they were associated with by providing copies of bills, articles of incorporation, tax ID numbers, or other forms of documentation. They also had to describe and/or show through a screencast what type of data they would need to collect, why, and what they are able to do with it.
Now, developers who aren’t associated with a business will have to upload a copy of their passport or driver’s license in order to gain full access to the Events, Groups, Live Video, Marketing, and Messenger Platform APIs. Without it, they could only get access to some basic login permissions, but were really limited in what they were able to build.
The news may come as too little too late for some developers — as VentureBeat reported back in July, 
 abandoned plans to get access to permissions beyond login because of how long the review process was taking, or out of fear that Facebook could make some more sudden changes as to what type of data they were able to access.
Alphabet’s self-driving spinoff Waymo achieved some noteworthy milestones this year, in August surpassing 
 real-world miles with its driverless cars and last week launching 
, a commercial driverless taxi service. But its researchers have their eyes fixed on the future.
In a 
 published today on Medium, researchers Mayank Bansal and Abhijit Ogale detailed an approach to AI driver training that taps labeled data — that is to say, Waymo’s millions of annotated miles from expert driving demonstrations — in a supervised manner. (In this context, “supervised” refers to a machine learning technique in which both the input and desired output data are provided.)
“In recent years, the supervised training of deep neural networks using large amounts of labeled data has rapidly improved the state-of-the-art in many fields, particularly in the area of object perception and prediction, and these technologies are used extensively at Waymo,” the researchers wrote. “Following the success of neural networks for perception, we naturally asked ourselves the question: … can we train a skilled driver using a purely supervised deep learning approach?”
Above: Waymo’s AI system nudges around a parked car in a simulated environment.
In an attempt to create a system capable of immitating an expert driver, they crafted a neural network — dubbed ChauffeurNet, appropriately — that learned to generate a driving trajectory by observing a combination of real and simulated data, including a map, surrounding objects, traffic lights states, and the past motions of cars. A low-level controller converted the ten-point trajectory to steering and acceleration commands, allowing the AI model to drive both real and digital cars.
The model was fed examples from “the equivalent of about 60 days of expert driving data,” using techniques that ensured it didn’t extrapolate from past motion and actually reacted to changes in the environment. In tests, it responded to traffic controls such as stop signs and traffic lights, but predictably performed poorly when exposed to situations it’d never seen before.
The problem, the researchers point out, is that driving demos obtained from real-world driving are biased — they contain only examples of driving in good situations. In order to teach the network to recover from edge cases, the team synthesized near-accidents and collisions with objects, the latter of which they paired with disincentives that encouraged the AI model to avoid them.
Above: Waymo’s model handling a turn.
ChauffeurNet performed better in a simulated environment with the losses and synthesized examples taken into account, even managing to nudge around parked vehicles, stop for a traffic light transitioning from yellow to red, and recover from slight deviations in its trajectory. And when used to drive one of Waymo’s Chrysler Pacifica minivans on a real-world private test track, it successfully followed a curved lane and handled stop signs and turns.
“Fully autonomous driving systems need to be able to handle the long tail of situations that occur in the real world,” the researchers wrote. “The planner that runs on Waymo vehicles today uses a combination of machine learning and explicit reasoning to continuously evaluate a large number of possibilities and make the best driving decisions in a variety of different scenarios … Therefore, the bar for a completely machine-learned system to replace the Waymo planner is incredibly high, although components from such a system can be used within the Waymo planner, or can be used to create more realistic ‘smart agents’ during simulated testing of the planner.”
 is releasing on Switch and Xbox One on December 18. The indie game is already available on PlayStation 4, PC, and iOS.
Donut County is a physics-based puzzle game focused on a hole in the ground. 
 praised it for its wacky story and interesting moral.
Switch has been a welcoming home for indie games. Nintendo has devoted 
, and games like 
 and 
 have been big hits on the platform.
The PlayStation 4, PC, and iOS launch for Donut County happened on August 28. 
 nominated the title for the Best Debut Indie Game category, but it lost to 
.
Donut County was also the victim of shadiness when a 
 in August.
 EU regulators looked into Apple’s mobile payment service and found it was not market dominant but they could review it again if they receive formal complaints, Europe’s antitrust chief said on Monday.
In an interview with Reuters, European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager also signaled that Google and Amazon would remain very much on her radar until the end of her mandate late next year.
Google has been fined a total of 6.8 billion euros ($7.7 billion) in the last 18 months for breaching EU rules.
Apple’s mobile payment service 
, is available in 10 EU countries including France, Italy, Spain, Sweden and Denmark.
Critics say that an NFC chip embedded in the Apple iPhone means that Apple Pay is automatically selected when an iPhone user pays for goods and services, barring rival payment methods. The Danish Competition Authority is investigating the issue, which was brought to its attention by the Danish Consumer Council.
Vestager, who has earned a reputation for taking a tough line against companies that breach EU rules and can impose fines of up to 10 percent of a company’s global turnover, said she did a preliminary review some time back.
“When we were looking at it … (at) first glance, we couldn’t see Apple being dominant. That doesn’t exclude in the future that we will have a second look. But when we looked some time ago, we didn’t find … the necessary (evidence) to start a case,” she said.
“Obviously if we had official complaints, we would take that seriously because the entire payment market is a very important payment market.”
A spokeswoman for Apple declined to comment.
Separately Vestager is reviewing whether Amazon is using merchants’ data illegally to make its own brand products similar to retailers’. She said she has been inundated with data, key to building a case against the U.S. online retailer.
“Now we have received not piles, but mountains of data and for us it is a priority to go through that, both from Amazon themselves but also coming in from some of the businesses that they actually host,” she said.
“For us, of course it is important to get the starting point right because, if we open a case, in order to be able to proceed with some speed, well then of course we need to get some of the basics right and we are in the process of doing that.”
Vestager recently asked Google’s rivals if the internet search engine unfairly demotes local search competitors, raising the possibility of a fourth antitrust case against the company.
“Now we ask questions when it comes to local search. This means a lot to many people because you use your phone or your table, you are looking for a place to eat, opening hours, where to go, museums, doctors, all kinds of stuff, and therefore of course it is a very important area, a very important service,” she said.
“It could be (a fourth case against Google) but of course we start asking questions without prejudice.”
Glen Schofield, co-creator of several 
, announced today on Twitter that he was leaving Sledgehammer Games, the game studio he cofounded in 2009 with Michael Condrey.
Schofield and Condrey worked together at Electronic Arts’s Visceral Games studio before starting Sledgehammer, with work that culminated in the hit title Dead Space.
They started Sledgehammer Games in San Mateo, California, not far from their old Visceral location, and they began hiring a team that would become hundreds of people. They were enlisted to help with Activision’s Call of Duty: Black Ops title in 2010 and Call of Duty: Modern Warfare in 2011.
I’ve had a great run here at Activision; 3 COD’s- MW3, AW and WWll- that I’m proud of. I feel it’s time to try something new tho. I’ll be leaving Activision end of Dec. and taking some time off to relax. Then off to something else exciting.
Thank u Activision for everything!
— Glen A. Schofield (@GlenSchofield) 
But their first solo effort under Activision was Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare, which debuted in 2014. Most recently, Schofield and Condrey headed the team that produced 
 in 2017.
In early 2018, 
 that both Schofield and Condrey left Sledgehammer, and that Aaron Halon, one of their leaders, was appointed to lead Sledgehammer. Schofield and Condrey were reportedly assigned new roles as executives inside Activision. But the details were kept secret.
Glen's body of work and career in video games has been extraordinary. He's made lasting contributions and left an indelible impression during his time at Activision.
We thank him for his leadership, and vision. We wish Glen continued success. 
— Activision (@Activision) 
Schofield and Condrey spoke about the development of 
 at our 
 event in 2017.
Everybody makes a list of 2019 predictions, but the folks at 
 have numbers behind theirs. As one of the world’s biggest accounting and financial services firms, Deloitte is able to confidently predict that, for example, the smart speaker market will generate $7 billion in revenues in 2019.
Below is Deloitte’s 18th annual list of predictions for your enjoyment.
“2019 will see massive improvements in a wide range of technologies, pushing once-novel innovations into the mainstreams of our lives and work,” said Sandra Shirai, Deloitte’s U.S. technology, media, and telecommunications leader, in a statement. “Emerging technologies are blurring traditional industry lines, impacting people and organizations; as a society, we’ll be smarter, more productive, and more deeply engaged with the world around us.”
Deloitte said in its forecast that it expects 164 million smart speakers to sell in 2019 at an average price of $43. Total industry revenues will be up 63 percent, compared to $4.3 billion in 2018. The number of smart speakers in homes is expected to top 250 million units by the end of 2018.
Above: 5G is on the rise.
Deloitte echoes everyone else in predicting
 will surface in 2019. But it noted with more precision that 25 operators will launch 5G service in 2019 and 25 more will offer the service in 2020.
Currently, 72 operators are testing this offering. In total, over 1 million 5G handsets are expected to be sold in 2019, and that number should expand to 15 million to 20 million units by 2020. A further 1 million 5G modems/pucks are also predicted to sell in 2019.
“It won’t happen overnight, but 5G will profoundly change our interactions and experiences, which is good news for consumers as they demand better performance and more access to content,” said Kevin Westcott, U.S. telecommunications, media, and entertainment sector leader at Deloitte, in a statement. “Higher speeds and lower latency will enable new and innovative consumer experiences in areas from augmented reality to entertainment to medicine and smart cities.”
Above: AI is heading everywhere in 2019.
Among companies using AI in 2019, Deloitte says 70 percent will obtain these capabilities through the cloud, and 65 percent will create AI applications using cloud-based development services. By 2020, the penetration rate of enterprise software with AI built in, and cloud-based AI development services, will reach an estimated 89 percent and 83 percent, respectively.
“So far, AI’s initial benefits have been predominantly accrued by ‘tech giants’ with extensive financial resources, strong IT infrastructure, and highly specialized human capital,” said Paul Sallomi, global TMT industry leader and U.S. technology sector leader, in a statement. “However, the cloud will power increased efficiencies and better returns on investment, and we expect these benefits to rapidly extend beyond AI’s pioneers to the wider enterprise.”
Above: TV sports and gambling are converging.
In the U.S., sports betting will drive about 40 percent of all TV watching by men 25 to 34 years old. Deloitte predicts 64 percent of North American men ages 25 to 34 who watch sports on TV will also bet on sports. We noted this 
.
Deloitte also predicted that China’s connectivity will nurture new digital business models. The firm predicts China will have world-leading telecommunications networks in 2019, and most likely in the medium-term. Its communications infrastructure will provide a foundation for at least three significant new industries, each of which could generate tens of billions of dollars in revenue annually by 2023.
Above: Deloitte predicts that 3D printing growth will accelerate again.
Sales of enterprise 3D printers, materials, and services from large public companies will surpass $2.7 billion in 2019 and top $3 billion in 2020, growing 12.5 percent annually each year. The list of possible 3D-printable materials has more than doubled in the last five years, which (along with other improvements) has led to a rebound in the industry’s growth potential.
The North American esports market will expand by 35 percent, powered by advertising, broadcast licensing, and franchise sales. North American eSports franchise leagues will expand into specific U.S. cities, following the professional sports model.
Deloitte predicts that over 85 percent of the adult population will listen to radio at least weekly in the developed world (the same proportion as in 2018), although reach will vary in the developing world. Combined, nearly 3 billion people worldwide will listen to radio weekly. In the U.S., Deloitte expects more than 90 percent of 18- to 34-year-olds will listen to radio at least weekly in 2019 and will likely spend more time listening to radio than watching traditional TV by 2025.
Above: Deloitte has its eye on quantum computing.
Quantum computing (computers that use quantum-mechanical phenomena) will emerge as one of the largest new technology revenue opportunities over the next decade but are unlikely to replace classical computers. The future quantum computing market is expected to be comparable with that of the  supercomputer market — around $50 billion per year by the 2030s.
Revenues for Chinese-manufactured semiconductors will grow by 25 percent to approximately $110 billion in 2019 to meet the increasing domestic demand for chips — driven in part by the growing commercialization of AI. Also in 2019, a Chinese chip foundry will begin producing semiconductors specialized to support AI and machine learning tasks.
“The next wave of technological transformation is reaching the shore. Artificial intelligence is evolving rapidly from the domain of ‘experts only’ to ‘every company’,” said Jeff Loucks, executive director of Deloitte Center for Technology, Media, and Telecommunications, in a statement. “3D printing enables businesses to quickly design new products with innovative materials, in ways that weren’t possible before. Esports is growing fast by combining the familiar — sports leagues — with video game platforms that foster competition and engagement among millions of players. And it’s all brought together by advanced semiconductor designs and next-generation data networks that are getting faster and smarter.”
Hardware Club announced today that it has increased the size of its first investment fund to $50 million as the community-driven platform seeks to expand its early-stage investing impact.
Originally launched in Paris almost four years ago, 
 also has offices in San Francisco and Tokyo. Hardware Club builds a networked community of hardware startups that can help each other. It then brings in large partners — like Foxconn for manufacturing and distributors like Amazon and Target — to help club members with every facet of development.
It moved into investment last year with a
, but has now expanded that to $50 million. The firm says new investors include Isomer Capital and Draper Esprit. Original investors include Foxconn and Arkéa.
Hardware Club will use the funding to back 20 hardware startups in Europe and the United States from pre-seed to series A rounds over the next 18 months.
“The future lies in startups that combine software, hardware and data to solve major problems,” said Alexis Houssou, cofounder and CEO of Hardware Club. “The good news is that many entrepreneurs are no longer afraid to launch ambitious hardware projects, and we hope to support many in Europe and the United States.”
Hardware Club was cofounded by Houssou and Barbara Belvisi, though the latter left the firm earlier this year. Other partners include Jerry Yang and Aymerik Renard.
The firm now has 470 startups across 39 countries in its networks. On the corporate side, it counts 150 partners, including Foxconn, Amazon, and Honda.
Investments so far include 
, Alcatraz AI, Automata, and Left Hand Robotics. Those are among the 28 startups backed so far by Hardware Club.
Microsoft today 
 a new Windows 10 preview with sign-in, File Explorer, Start menu, keyboard, Console, Notepad, Narrator, accessibility, setup, Snip & Sketch, and Game bar improvements. This build is from the 19H1 branch, which will arrive in the first half of next year.
Windows 10 is being developed 
, meaning it receives new features on a regular basis. Microsoft has released six major updates so far: 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, and 
.
While Build 18272 simplified the sign-in settings page, today’s build has added a new option. You can now set up a security key straight from Settings.
It’s not just the 
 — Microsoft is redesigning various Windows 10 icons too. The File Explorer icon is the first, and it’s meant to look better with the 
 the company is building out.
But the icon isn’t the only change for File Explorer. The Downloads folder is now sorted to show the most recently downloaded file at the top by default. If you have made your own changes to how your Downloads folder is sorted (View tab), that won’t change.
You can now unpin groups and folders in the Start menu via a new context menu entry. This has been rolling out gradually to Windows Insiders for a few weeks, but now it’s available to all testers.
The touch keyboard now dynamically adjusts the hit target of each key as you type, based on prediction of what letter will most likely be typed next. The keys will look no different to the eye, but as you can see above, they will now adjust to minimize hitting the wrong key by a small margin. Separately, Microsoft is also making some improvements in tablet mode to reduce the number of times the touch keyboard ends up occluding the text field when docked.
When you open the properties page of any Console window, you’ll now see an additional Terminal tab containing several new settings for some experimental features. These 
 terminal scrolling, cursor shape, cursor colors, and terminal colors.
Notepad has gained a column in the status bar that displays the encoding of the document and the option to save files in UTF-8 without a Byte Order Mark. UTF-8 without a Byte Order Mark is in fact the new default. It is backwards-compatible with ASCII, and Microsoft hopes it will provide better interoperability with the web.
Notepad will now show a modified indicator (an asterisk, *) in the title bar before the title of a document to indicate that a document has unsaved changes. It also has new shortcuts: Ctrl+Shift+N to open a new Notepad window, Ctrl+Shift+S to open the Save as … dialog, and Ctrl+W to close the current Notepad window. Finally, Notepad can now open and save files with a path that is longer than 260 characters (MAX_PATH).
The Narrator now features Narrator Home, a single place where you can access everything you need for Narrator. In settings (Windows logo key + Ctrl + N), you can remove Narrator Home from the Alt + Tab list and instead minimize it to the system tray. The app has also received verbosity improvements, URL reading with Narrator + 0, easier table reading, updated capitalization reading, reading and navigation commands that stay within webpage content areas, a move cursor during reading option, a more consistent reading experience, an option to hear when you’re pressing certain keys, combo edit support, and the ability to stay open even when you reset your PIN or password.
In terms of accessibility, Windows 10 now has bigger and brighter cursors. In Ease of Access Settings (Windows + U), under the Vision category, select “Cursor & pointer” to see the list of options.
The Windows 10 setup design has been updated, as you can see above. The Microsoft logo, 
 link, and 
 link are missing from the bottom left-hand corner but will be present.
Microsoft also released Snip & Sketch (version 10.1811.3371.0) with bug fixes and reliability improvements. Lastly, the Game bar has a new Gallery experience that lets you view screenshots and videos and share them to Twitter without leaving your game.
This 19H1 build includes the following general bug fixes and improvements:
Today’s update bumps Windows 10 from 
 (made available to testers on November 28) to build 18298.
This build has nine known issues:
As always, don’t install this on your production machine.
Stock car racing institution 
 is steering its way into 
. Nascar, 
 and 
 are collaborating on the first-ever Nascar esports league on game consoles.
The 
 will feature up to 16 race teams and 32 drivers, each owned and operated by real-world Nascar race teams. Everyone is jumping aboard esports, as it is expected to grow to $1.7 billion in 2021, according to market researcher 
.
Beginning today, fans who own the Nascar Heat 3 video game can begin to qualify for the eNascar Heat Pro League Draft, scheduled to take place early next year. Following the draft, the esports league will feature a 16-race season beginning in spring 2019 and culminating during the 2019 Nascar Playoffs.
All eNascar Heat Pro League races will be live streamed online at NASCAR.com, Twitch and Motorsport.com.
“We look forward to taking this first step with our teams to introduce Nascar-style racing to the massive esports audience on consoles,” said Craig Neeb, executive vice president for innovation and development at Nascar, in a statement. “Our partners at 704Games have delivered an incredible product and we are enthusiastic about engaging a young demographic of gamers to create new fans and grow our sport.”
Many of Nascar’s most prominent teams are participating in the new esports venture, including; Chip Ganassi Racing, Joe Gibbs Racing, Hendrick Motorsports, Richard Childress Racing, Roush Fenway Racing, Stewart Haas Racing and Team Penske. Each of the participating teams will field two drivers, one competing on Xbox One and the other on PlayStation 4 computer entertainment system.
Above: Nascar steers into esports.
“This is an exciting moment in Nascar history,” said Jonathan Marshall, executive director of the Race Team Alliance, in a statement. “The race teams are taking this new series very seriously and will be looking for the best competitors in the nation to represent their respective teams. We expect the competition level will be high and we challenge these new esports drivers to become the best of the best.”
704Games, Nascar’s exclusive esports partner for simulation-style video games, released Nascar Heat 3 in September 2018.
Shortly after, 704Games launched a Nascar esports tournament on consoles that culminated at Homestead-Miami Speedway. 704Games received an investment from international media and technology company Motorsport Network, whose platforms represent the largest audience of motorsport and auto enthusiasts in the world.
“This partnership creates a once in a lifetime opportunity for Nascar Heat 3 players to be hired by a Nascar race team and represent their team on a global esports platform” said Paul Brooks, CEO of 704Games, in a statement. “We’re excited to bring competitive online console racing to Nascar and promote a greater engagement between fans and gamers with the eNascar Heat Pro League.”
 went 
, and now 
 is pushing out its first update. And the studio is focusing these tweaks on the multiplayer cowboy simulator’s economy. Players have complained to Rockstar that Red Dead Online feels like an unrewarding grind. The developer acknowledged that feedback, and now it is ready to respond.
“We are starting to implement the first set of adjustments to the game,” reads a Rockstar press release. “[That includes] changes specifically geared toward creating a more balanced, fun, and rewarding overall experience across all modes and missions.”
Players have made their frustrations about the economy known to Rockstar through 
. And this is something that the company’s fans are used, to because Grand Theft Auto Online, the equivalent mode in GTA V, 
.
Beginning today, Rockstar is turning up the cash and gold faucets. Quests like free roam mission, free roam event, A Land of Opportunities missions will all give players more currency. Simultaneously, the developer is planning a little bit of deflation to fix the other side of its economy. Most weapons that you find in catalogs and in stores will now sell for a reduced price.
If you are salty because you paid the higher price for a weapon and wish you would’ve waited, Rockstar’s got your back. It is planning to refund players the difference between what they paid and the new price. By December 10, you should see an in-game alert about this, and the money will go right into your wallet.
Finally, Rockstar is planning to adjust the prices for items like pelts, skins, horse reviver, and more. Again, this is to grease the economy for players who are feeling like they’ll have to play forever to get anything that they want.
The studio also notes that it has plans to do more updates quickly. For example, it is aware of some glitches that are affecting the experience for some people.
“Of course our efforts to improve and balance the Red Dead Online Beta will continue,” reads the Rockstar press release. “We are conscious of and still evaluating an assortment of further adjustments based on feedback from the community. We are currently working on fixes for some persistent bugs that are causing some players to be kicked from sessions, and we aim to have fixes for these live next week.”
Warcraft III created new genres of games with its World Editor. Now with 
 there’s an update for the classic game — but why don’t more games have modding tools like it did originally?
It’s 2004 and Warcraft III is one of the hottest games in the world. Like many teenagers, I spent all summer thinking about Warcraft, but I wasn’t playing — I was coding. I was coding my own Warcraft III maps and putting them on the internet along with thousands of other amateur creators. We called ourselves modders. Our games used the same art and controls as Warcraft III but introduced completely new gameplay.
Mods allowed young people with no connections or experience to build games that they otherwise had no business making. One of those young people was 
. Little did we know at the time that DOTA would go on to be one of the most popular games in the world.
It’s 14 years later and Blizzard has said that updated modding tools are amongst the most anticipated features Warcraft 3: Reforged. “’
 with the tools in the original games– tower defense, MOBA, it came from them… So we’re looking for the next generation of modders and creations that should come from this.”
Lots of games, such as The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, Crusader Kings, and Mount & Blade, still allow modding to some extent or another. But the power and ease of use of an out-of-the-box editor like Warcraft III and others offered last decade is something largely missing these days.
Warcraft III’s editor was revolutionary. It included a visual programming language, a map building tool and thousands of unit and building models. It even included online gaming capabilities that allowed anyone who owned Warcraft 3 to host and play a map that they had downloaded, effectively giving modders an instant distribution network.
That network more than anything, allowed allowed DOTA to go viral. At the time IceFrog was just 20, building DOTA with a volunteer group of staff. But millions of people were playing the game, organizing tournaments, giving suggestions and even donate to fund development.
IceFrog eventually went to Blizzard, asking to be hired to develop DOTA into its own game. Blizzard declined, but a few years later Valve hired IceFrog to make Dota 2. Meanwhile, League of Legends, created by Riot Games, offering streamlined gameplay very similar to DOTA’s. (Blizzard eventually got in the game with Heroes of the Storm, 
 League or Dota 2 have been.) Building off DOTA’s gameplay, League of Legends and Dota 2 would go on to become some of the most popular games in the world.
So the biggest games in the world were based on mods. But none of these games themselves have modding tools! In fact, almost no triple-A games these days have modding tools packaged with them. Look at strategy game kingpin Civilization, whose fourth installment, released in 2005, included out-of-the-box mod tools for HTML files, Python, and the SDK for major gameplay changes. Civilization VI, released in 2016, took months to add even a Steam workshop, with nowhere near the depth of Civ4’s modding.
Above: A visual comparison between DOTA built on Warcraft III (left), League of Legends (middle) and Dota 2 (right)
Modding video games has historically been a vital way for games to engage players on a more creative level while also prototyping new ideas. Warcraft III was a testing ground for entire new genres of games. DOTA pioneered the multiplayer online battle arena (or MOBA) genre, leading to games such as League of Legends and Heroes of the Storm. Warcraft and Starcraft 
 which were precursors to games such as Plants vs. Zombies and Clash of Clans.
Notably, all of these games relied heavily on the mod engine to execute difficult to program parts of Warcraft III such as pathing, AI unit control, buying items and building structures. Not only were these games created in the Warcraft III editor, they wouldn’t have existed without it.
For 14-year-old me, prototyping games without having to worry about art, algorithms or online networking was magic, I was hooked. I was using the exact same engine that Blizzard’s designers had used to make their campaigns. Warcraft’s GUI programming editing was a portal for programming.
This pattern has been repeated many times. Brand-new game genres start off as rough but addictive prototypes like DOTA and are slowly polished into great games through user feedback and hard work. But game studios find it difficult to invest resources in unproven game ideas, especially since the ideas are so hard to recognize. DOTA and League, while incredibly popular, can be incredibly obtuse and difficult to describe to newcomers.
Despite the success of DOTA and games like DayZ, blockbuster game studios have often stopped supporting mods all together, preferring to become gatekeepers of their content. Blizzard themselves have no editing tools for World of Warcraft, Hearthstone, Heroes of the Storm, or Overwatch. League of Legends and PUBG have no mod framework whatsoever, despite being originally inspired by mods. All of these games do have internal tools used by designers to build the maps and games. What’s lacking is the priority of including these tools in the released games.
There may be strategic reasons behind this. In many ways, Blizzard including design tools in Warcraft III led to the creation of some of their biggest rivals in Riot Games. However, this seems like a particularly shortsighted form of gatekeeping because it also cuts off a pipeline for young and inexperienced people to get into game design and programming. Riot and Blizzard have hired many of the Warcraft III modders as full-time employees, but where will the next wave come from?
In fact, we should all care about this because good modding engines are a way to involve young people in programming without their having to first have a deep engineering background. Minecraft has arguably the most popular modding framework, but lacks the ease of a GUI environment and a rich model library. 
 is a great programming language for kids but since its not built on top of a true game, it doesn’t have the content and depth to create games that are playable by the entire world.
Another form of gatekeeping involves the always-online, games-as-a-service on central servers  model followed that many of the biggest companies follow. It gives them more control over monetization. But this, as the history of Minecraft shows, isn’t actually required for runaway success. Indeed, just this month, we’ve seen Fortnite, arguably the biggest game in the world, 
 to make Minecraft-like moddable servers. We’ll see if this allows for a burst of creativity from players, and how much ease of use it has.
These days bootcamps often introduce students to HTML, CSS and Javascript as their first programming experience. In contrast, my first programming experience was creating a Warcraft 3 character I had made up whose main ability was to smash the ground around him in different ways. And I still remember it.
If we want more diversity in programming and game design, we need to create ways for them discover programming on their own, just as much as we need bootcamps and schools. Games are the best way to accomplish this. Players are lured in by the promise of experiencing a new world and playing new characters, and gradually drawn into making their own games.
Game studios should embrace this, and not kill the goose that laid the golden egg.
Though Qualcomm’s 
 and 
 mobile platforms enabled the company to offer a handful of “always on” Windows laptops, the San Diego company had grander plans for a system-on-chip designed from the ground up for PCs. Now, after several years of development, that chip is here, and it’s called Snapdragon 8cx: the world’s first 7-nanometer chip for PCs.
During its Snapdragon Tech Summit today, Qualcomm explained that the Snapdragon 8cx represents a new tier compared with the 850, and that both tiers will continue moving forward — with chip advancements at a “smartphone pace.” As contrasted with Intel parts, which Qualcomm suggested favor performance over battery life, the 8cx was developed to balance performance and battery life while emphasizing improved computing power.
That said, Qualcomm is taking advantage of ARM processors to deliver superior performance per watt compared with standard Intel chips. The company claims that the 7-watt fanless Snapdragon 8cx will achieve performance comparable to a 15-watt Intel U-series chip with a fan. This would make it somewhat like 
, which lets the latest iPad Pro tablets 
.
Above: Snapdragon 8cx.
On paper, the 8cx system-on-chip shares some processors and components with the 
 announced yesterday, but it also includes “extreme” versions of other elements. For that reason, it’s the largest Snapdragon yet released.
Several components are shared between the 8cx and 855, including 
 and Bluetooth 5 wireless cores, a Hexagon 690 digital signal processor, and on-chip security features. Both chips also include a 
 for up to 2Gbps cellular speeds, which while nice for a smartphone is a major step up for a laptop, promising 4×4 MIMO, 7x carrier aggregation, and license-assisted access. In the laptop, Qualcomm promises that users will see actual multi-day battery life, with around 25 hours of continuous usage.
Each of the 8cx’s other components improves upon what’s inside the 855, including:
Billed as the fastest-ever Kryo, this fanless 7-nanometer processor promises to deliver performance comparable to a 15-watt 
, while consuming power like a fanless 
. With a 10MB cache, the Kryo promises 50 percent higher sustained performance at a 7-watt TDP than the 15-watt U-series chip. It’s also the first Windows 10 Enterprise-certified Snapdragon platform.
Above: Gameloft’s Asphalt 9 running on the Snapdragon 8cx.
 With a 128-bit-wide memory interface, this new graphics chip promises twice the speed of the prior-generation Adreno 650, with 3.5 times the performance of the Snapdragon 835, 2 times the performance of the Snapdragon 845, and 60 percent greater power efficiency than the Snapdragon 850.
Using a 64-bit ARM-coded demo of the racing game Asphalt 9, Qualcomm described the Adreno 680 as offering premium PC-quality gaming without compromising on battery life. It is capable of driving two 4K HDR external displays, and supports the latest DirectX 12 APIs, with up to 120FPS 4K HDR video playback — twice the speed of the Snapdragon 855.
 In addition to using fast LPDDR4X memory, the Snapdragon 8cx supports professional-grade storage solutions including NVME SSI and UFS 3.0. It has second-generation USB 3.1, four third-generation PCI-Express lanes, and uses QuickCharge 4+ for recharging. Qualcomm Aqstic audio includes support for high-definition Bluetooth wireless streaming and the ability to work in low-power mode with voice assistants including 
 and 
.
Qualcomm’s full spec sheet discusses all of the platform’s major features in more granular detail. Battery life isn’t included in the specs and will depend on what OEMs pair with the processing platform, but Qualcomm says that the 8cx will maintain a “connected standby” status for its modem that leads to “instant on” connectivity while still offering multi-day battery life.
Above: Snapdragon 8cx.
In early customer testimonials, Microsoft noted that the new chip has been certified for use with 
 and its secure collaborative platform 
. Lenovo suggested that it will support new security features, such as IR camera sensing of the user’s current state of attention, automatically dimming the screen when it’s not being viewed. In a separate announcement, Mozilla said that it is creating a native ARM64 version of Firefox that will take full advantage of the 8cx’s performance.
The Snapdragon 8cx is currently sampling to OEM customers, and is expected to debut in Windows 10 laptops starting in the third quarter of 2019.
WordPress.org today 
 WordPress 5.0, which brings “big upgrades to the editor” in the blog management tool. You can download the new release, available in 37 languages, now from 
.
WordPress is a content management system (CMS) that powers over 
. The latest version is dubbed “Bebo,” in honor of Cuban jazz musician 
.
WordPress 5.0 introduces a block-based editor that offers a streamlined editing experience. The new editor is supposed to be better at inserting media content and rearranging any type of content. Each piece of content is in its own block, which is meant to help site owners decide how content is displayed. Blocks include everything from paragraphs, headings, and quotes to images, galleries, and videos.
For those who prefer the 
, WordPress.org has a new Classic Editor plugin that it promises to support through 2021. The plugin restores the previous WordPress editor, the Edit Post screen, and lets you keep using plugins that extend it. WordPress.org also notes that users of assistive technology should try the Classic Editor if the new block editor causes trouble.
Twenty Nineteen is WordPress’ new default theme designed to show off the power of the new editor. The theme uses editor styles so that what you create in your content editor is what you see on the frontend. It also features ample whitespace, modern sans-serif headlines paired with classic serif body text, and system fonts to increase loading speed.
WordPress 5.0 also keeps developers in mind:
The team did not mention WordPress 5.1, but presumably the next version is already being worked on and will be released in a few months.
 streams live tonight on nearly every platform you can imagine, but you can watch the show by clicking play on the YouTube video above. If you don’t like YouTube, I’ll list some alternatives for you below.
Games like God of War and Celeste have a big chance to take home some hardware from The Game Awards creator Geoff Keighley’s personal trophy factory. But you may also want to tune in because Keighley has promised 10 game announcements. That will also include news about Fortnite, 
, and more. Rumors also suggest we may hear about the next Dragon Age, Crash Team Racing, and a new Far Cry.
Here’s when the pre-show begins for various timezones:
And here are some alternative livestreaming platforms you could tune into:
We will also have coverage of the show, and 
.
One of 
 most popular games is hopping aboard the battle royale train. The 
 
 today to add the last player standing mode Danger Zone. Counter-Strike is now also free-to-play, just like the biggest game in this space, Fortnite.
Both Danger Zone and going free-to-play are major changes for Counter-Strike, which has held its place as one of the top competitive shooters for years. This could help keep Counter-Strike’s vibrant as more esports dollars go to battle royale games. This move also should get even more people to download the Steam client, which exposes more active customers to the dominant Steam store for PC games.
Counter-Strike’s battle royale mode brings in all of of the guns and mechanics from the core multiplayer. It puts those weapons into open world maps that support a total of 18 players for duo and trio modes and 16 players in solo. That is much smaller than the 100 player matches you get in Fortnite, PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds, and Call of Duty’s BOBO.
Due to the smaller map sizes and a smaller number of players, each match lasts around 10 minutes. Throughout that time, however, you will have an opportunity to find gear to help you in your effort to outlive your opponents. That includes helmets, explosives, and protective vests.
While a battle royale mode is huge, Counter-Strike going free-to-play is just as important. Anyone can now download and start playing the game free of charge. If you own the game already, however, you will get the new “Prime” status. This will earn you some in-game items like a skin for the MP5-SD.
Free players, meanwhile, can always pay to upgrade to Prime status later. Alternatively, Valve is also promising a route to play your way to Prime status.
Counter-Strike has some of the best shooting in any game, which is one of the reasons it is so timeless. So it will be interesting to see if that can carry it or if the tiny match sizes hold it back.
Reinforcement learning (RL) — an artificial intelligence (AI) training technique that uses rewards or punishments to drive agents toward goals — has a problem: It doesn’t result in highly generalizable models. Trained agents struggle to transfer their experience to new environments. It’s a well-understood limitation of RL, but one that hasn’t prevented data scientists from benchmarking their systems within the environments on which they were trained. That makes overfitting — a modeling error that occurs when a function is too closely fit to a dataset — challenging to quantify.
Nonprofit AI research company 
 is taking a stab at the problem with an AI training environment — CoinRun — that provides a metric for an agent’s ability to transfer its experience to unfamiliar scenarios. It’s basically like a classic platformer, complete with enemies, objectives, and stages of varying difficulty,
It follows on the heels of the launch of OpenAI’s 
, a program designed to teach anyone deep reinforcement learning.
“CoinRun strikes a desirable balance in complexity: the environment is much simpler than traditional platformer games like Sonic the Hedgehog, but it still poses a worthy generalization challenge for state of the art algorithms,” OpenAI wrote in a 
. “The levels of CoinRun are procedurally generated, providing agents access to a large and easily quantifiable supply of training data.”
As OpenAI explains, prior work in reinforcement learning environments has focused on procedurally generated mazes, community projects like the General Video Game AI framework, and games like Sonic the Hedgehog, with generalization measured by training and testing agents on different sets of levels. CoinRun, by contrast, offers agents a single reward at the end of each level.
AI agents have to contend with stationary and moving obstacles, collision with which results in immediate death. It’s game over when the aforementioned coin is collected, or after 1,000 time steps.
As if that weren’t enough, OpenAI developed two additional environments to investigate overfitting: CoinRun-Platforms and RandomMazes. The first contains several coins randomly scattered across platforms, forcing agents to actively explore levels and occasionally do some backtracking. RandomMazes, meanwhile, is a simple maze navigation task.
To validate CoinRun, CoinRun-Platforms, and RandomMazes, OpenAI trained 9 agents, each with a different number of training levels. The first 8 trained on sets ranging from 100 to 16,000 levels, and the final agent trained on an unrestricted set of levels — roughly 2 million in practice — so that it never saw the same one twice.
The agents experienced overfitting at 4,000 training levels, and even at 16,000 training levels; the best-performing agents turned out to be the ones trained with the unrestricted set of levels. And in CoinRun-Platforms and RandomMazes, the agents strongly overfit in all cases.
The results provide valuable insight into the challenges underlying generalization in reinforcement learning, OpenAI said.
Typhoon Studios introduced its next game during 
 on Thursday evening. Savage Planet is a first-person adventure with a light sense of humor.
Typhoon introduced the game with a trailer. It shows a spaceship in turmoil after crashing on an unknown planet. The video didn’t reveal any gameplay, but it did set a tone for the action that players can expect.
You can check the trailer above. Savage Planet launches in 2019.
, a maddening game with a funny narrator, is coming to the game consoles. The Stanley Parable Ultra Deluxe is coming in 2019.
The announcement was made at The Game Awards. The game is a sequel to The Stanley Parable, a hilarious game from 2013.
The Stanley Parable earned critical acclaim in 2013. It was a runner-up for 
. It was originally a Source engine mod released in 2011, but the first-person experience received a standalone, high-definition version in 2013. It joins other successful indie games that have crossed the one million sold milestone, including 
, Kerbal Space Program, Day Z, and Rust.
Surprise! Marvel: Ultimate Alliance is back. In the new installment is an exclusive for 
. Marvel: Ultimate Alliance 3 is coming out in 2019. It’s coming from Team Ninja/Koei Tecmo, and Nintendo will publish it.
The title had its reveal during 
. A debut trailer showed iconic Marvel characters including Captain America, Spider-Man, and The Guardians of the Galaxy. We also saw villains like Ultron and Thanos.
The game looks to play similar to its predecessors, which are multiplayer action role-playing games. This franchise has been dormant for years. Ultimate Alliance 2 came out in 2009.
Among Trees had its reveal during the preshow for 
. It is coming to early access in 2019.
This is an indie game from a team called FJRD interactive. It consists of just three people that have been working on this game for the past five years.
A short trailer showed off a beautiful and colorful forest. The game is played in a first-person perspective.
Despite new features for Google Assistant and Alexa coming virtually every week, the most 
 to play music, set timers, check the weather, and listen to the news. But the way assistants share the news is changing.
Google today announced a new project and format for listening to the news.
With the new format, when people say “Play the news,” Google Assistant will play up to eight news briefs from different media outlets. Each lasts an average of 50 seconds and no more than two minutes, followed by longer stories that last two to 15 minutes.
Once you’ve listened to a news brief, old episodes will be discarded in exchange for fresh updates if any are available, a company spokesperson told VentureBeat in an email.
By comparison, today when most users say “Play the news,” Google Assistant lists full-length news clips users can select inside the Home app.
The project has been underway for the past year, with partners at more than 20 news organizations — such as the Associated Press, South China Morning Post, Hollywood Reporter, and CNBC, according to a 
. At launch, the feature will be available to a limited number of English-speaking Google Assistant users in the United States.
More news outlets have been invited to participate, and they’re being instructed to give each story a headline. Those headlines will be displayed on smartphones and, in the future, on smart displays like 
, a company spokesperson said.
News outlets were also instructed to avoid references to previous content and to make sure each story only covers a single topic. Google is also asking journalists to introduce themselves and to avoid music in all short stories.
As tens of millions of smart speakers appear in homes, the future of news these devices provide is beginning to evolve. Siri, Google Assistant, and Alexa can all respond to the phrase “Play the news” to provide updates, and they’ve been gradually getting new features.
When you aren’t using 
 and the device is in ambient mode, its screen will flash a series of news headlines. Some pertain to important recent news, but early on the 
.
The Echo Show also shares text news briefs from outlets like the Associated Press, USA Today, and TicToc by Bloomberg that Alexa can read to you. To make this feel more authentic, Amazon engineers are working on a synthesized AI voice that was 
.
For its part, a standalone 
 this summer, and roughly a month ago Google’s Home Hub and other smart displays with Google Assistant began to 
 from outlets like CNN.
The leaders of Sony, Microsoft, and Nintendo got up on stage together for the first time in a long time at tonight at 
.
Phil Spencer, head of Xbox at Microsoft; Reggie Fils-Amie of Nintendo of America; and Shawn Layden of Sony PlayStation came out together onstage to kick off the big show.
Above: Three amigos.
They came out to say that gaming is about coming together. They promised new games, new experiences, and new ways for everyone to play.
Geoff Keighley, host of The Game Awards, said he had been trying for five years to make this moment happen. I never thought I would see such fierce competitors go up on stage together either. But it’s good to see that there’s a common good that they can all support. I haven’t seen this happen since my first Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) more than 20 years ago.
Scavengers had its debut during 
 today. It is a multiplayer survival game that is coming out in 2019.
Midwinter Entertainment is the developer. It’s a new studio based in Seattle, and this is the company’s first game. Midwinter’s 20 employees includes people with triple-A background on franchises like Halo.
The game’s debut trailer showed humans leaving a space station via escape pods and landing on a snowy part of Earth.
Far Cry is getting another one of its side-sequels. At 
 tonight, publisher 
 revealed 
, which is a direct sequel to the events of Far Cry 5. It takes place in a postapocalyptic version of Hope County, Montana, 17 years after the end of the Far Cry 5.
New Dawn is due out February 15 for PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One for $40. You play as a survivor who must band together with others to gather resources and rebuild society. But as you might expect, charismatic villains called The Twins (Mickey and Lou) stand in the way of that prosperous future. Together, The Twins oversee the Highwaymen, which Ubisoft describes as a merciless band of scavengers.
To fight off the threat of the Highwaymen, players will focus on building up the population and resources of Prosperity, which is the homebase of the survivors. At Prosperity, you can train your companion characters as well as craft weapons and vehicles. Your home base is also where players can take on the new Expedition missions. These enable players to go on long-distance operations around the United States to acquire valuable crafting materials and powerful items. Ubisoft says these expeditions will take players to wetlands, canyons, and more.
Ubisoft Montreal oversaw development of New Dawn, and studios Ubisoft Shanghai, Ubisoft Kiev, and Ubisoft Bucharest supported production.
Since Far Cry 3, Ubisoft has taken to building quick, standalone spinoff versions of this franchise. Following Far Cry 3, the publisher released Blood Dragon, which was a neon-drenched open world inspired by 1980s sci-fi action films. To followup Far Cry 4, Ubisoft used that game’s map to create a prehistoric version of the game called Far Cry: Primal.
Like Blood Dragon and Primal, New Dawn is reusing an existing map. But also like those games, Ubisoft is doing a lot of work to encourage players to give the game a shot. New Dawn has plenty of new features, characters, and more. And a part of me almost prefers these smaller side stories because they often feel more focused and silly, which are qualities I welcome in my Far Cry games.
New Dawn is putting a lot of emphasis on its villains. Mickey and Lou are the stars of the cover art for the game, and that means it could portray them as charismatic maniacs. Like with other recent Far Cry games, the cover art is also courting controversy. Most notably, Far Cry 5 featured domestic American religious terrorists sitting like the Leonardo da Vinci mural 
.
Above: The Kings of Leon.
Far Cry: New Dawn, however, is bold because it puts black women on its cover, which is incredibly rare in the video game industry. And the game may frustrate some people because it is making those black women evil.
We’ll have to see if Ubisoft pulls that off. I will say that the villains are usually far more interesting than any other characters in games. So I’m down with Ubisoft making Mickey and Lou the big bads.
 unveiled a new game, Hades, at 
 tonight in Los Angeles. It’s also now available on Epic Games’ new store.
It’s a top-down game where the player goes through hell and fights some rather nasty enemies. The bloody trailer closed with, “There is no escape.” And then a human character said, “I’m alone. Well, time to go get killed again.”
A deep voice then said, “Death is your only family. Death, and the eye.”
The game debuts tonight on the new Epic Games Store. It’s a new title from the creators of 
, Transistor, and Bastion, all highly regarded indie games. 
.
Supergiant said the game is a rogue-like dungeon crawler where you defy the god of death as you hack and slash your way out of the Underworld of Greek myth. For more details, visit 
.
“We think Hades fuses together all the best ideas we’ve discovered from working together as a team for close to 10 years, and we’re really excited to keep building it now that it’s out in the open! We hope you enjoy it,” Supergiant said in a press releae.
Panache Digital Games showed off some of the first gameplay for its prehistoric primate simulator 
 at 
 on Thursday. The trailer revealed how players take control of a pre-human simian in Africa nearly 10 million years ago. From there, the story progresses over millions of years of evolution.
Assassin’s Creed II director Patrice Desilets started Panache digital after leaving Ubisoft in 2013. He has a 30-person team working on the passion project. And now, after years of development, Panache plans to release Ancestors in 2019.
To get Ancestors out to fans, Panache is teaming up with 2K Games indie-publishing label Private Division.
Sweden-based podcasting platform 
 has raised $33 million in a series C round of funding from Swedish national pension fund AP1, in addition to Swedbank Robur funds Ny Teknik and Fokus Fund.
Founded out of Stockholm in 2014, Acast pitches itself as “the world’s largest podcast marketplace,” constituting a podcast platform that joins the various dots between creators, listeners, and advertisers. It does so through consumer 
 
; analytics; cloud storage; and 
.
Monetization plays a central part of Acast’s offer to podcasters — just last week it announced a new 
 that can tailor ads to the individual based on myriad factors, such as location, weather, time of day, and the device that the listener is using.
Prior to now Acast had raised around $35 million in funding, including its 
 last September, and with another $33 million in the bank, it said that it plans to double down on its global expansion efforts, particularly in the U.S., which the company said is already its fastest-growing market with a quarter of all listens emanating from there.
Above: Acast
Last year 
, and 2018 has continued on that trajectory — a 
 into podcast listening trends found that 26 percent of people in the U.S. listen to at least one podcast each month, an increase of two percentage points on the previous year.
Such numbers will only serve to increase investment in the podcasting realm too. Earlier this year, 
, while popular podcast aggregator Pocket Casts was 
 including NPR. Elsewhere, 
, including its HowStuffWorks podcasting unit.
As for Acast, well, it is touting some new numbers that bolster the notion that podcasting is in rude health.
“This has been the biggest year in our short history as a company — in 2018 alone, Acast has grown by 86 percent, breaking all our records,” noted Acast CEO Ross Adams, in reference to the company’s user growth this year. “Working with respected investors like AP1 and Robur on realizing our new mission is a huge vote of confidence.”
Additionally, Acast also said that its hosted shows grew 93 percent to 3,300 this year, with listens growing 62 percent to 125 million individual sessions each month across the platform. Back in October, Acast also 
 to help distribute Acast-hosted podcasts through the music-streaming service.
After a brief 24-hour delay, Electronic Arts’ 
 is releasing 
‘s Overture chapter in the Tides of War series today. 
, and now the game update will be live on the Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and PC today.
The update adds new multiplayer and single-player content for those who bought the game, which debuted on November 20, and we talked with DICE executives about the release in an interview. I spoke with DICE single-player producer Lars Gustavsson, engagement and core gameplay producer Ryan McArthur, and single-player design director Eric Holmes.
Overture has a new mission from the War Stories single-player vignettes dubbed The Last Tiger. That story is one of four 
 in Battlefield V, and it depicts a German Tiger I tank crew in the latter stage of the war.
Gustavsson said The Last Tiger features a crew with a seasoned Tiger tank commander with a mix of veterans and new recruits as the “German war machine is crumbling.” DICE took a risk with that setting, as it didn’t want to retell Nazi propaganda. But The Last Tiger conveys the German perspective of the losing war effort without sugar-coating the horrors of the war, Holmes said.
 and felt like it wasn’t finished. But it has been growing on me, as I’ve enjoyed the immersiveness of the huge multiplayer battles on maps in the Netherlands and North Africa. This new update, coming so soon after launch, should bring some welcome changes.
Overture will be coming with Panzerstorm, a new multiplayer map with a huge field for tank battles. The battle is set in the historical location of Hannut in Belgium in early 1940. As many as 17 tanks can battle at the same time. Air support will be a critical factor in stopping those tanks. Overture also has cosmetic options for vehicles, allowing players to add nose art to airplanes, as well as two arcade modes dubbed Shooting Trial and Driving Trial, where you can test drive weapons and vehicles on the Hamada map.
Here’s an edited transcript of our interview.
Above: Eric Holmes of DICE is single-player design director.
 On the high level, what we set out to do with this game and the War Stories was to build on the anthology format. As such, we wanted to do a couple of things. One, to portray the fact that it’s a world war, to capture locations and events from all over the world to bring different perspectives on the war. We also had the mantra of the unseen, the untold, and the unplayed. With that, we’ve been working hard to capture events that took place, or to be inspired by events that took place, that players most likely are less aware of.
We launched with three missions — Under No Flag, Tirailleur, and Nordlys — and now the time has come for The Last Tiger. With this one we’re meeting up with the crew of a Tiger I tank that find themselves holding a last stand along the bank of the Rhine during the later part of the war, as the German defense is crumbling. We get to experience the chemistry within the crew as you find yourself trapped and start to reflect on your actions.
Above: Panzerstorm map battle in Battlefield V’s Overture update.
 It really came out of the tank. The Tiger is such a legendary vehicle from the war. It has this very brutal visual design. It has a kind of utility to it. It looks like what it does. It has this big heavy powerful sheet-metal look to it. It’s an impregnable structure with an enormous gun in it. There’s this legend to it from the war. Not many of them were made, but when people thought they saw one, they would panic, because they knew their weapons couldn’t get through the armor.
It was a powerful icon to reach out and touch as a representation of the German forces, and also, we wanted to tap into — it’s a powerful part of what you need in tank-oriented single-player gameplay. You need something that’s capable of just generating a lot of gameplay, because it take on a vast number of adversaries. The Tiger lends itself to that.
What we found as developers is we had to figure out how to tell a story that’s authentic to the values of War Stories, like we’ve done before — something that’s driven from the German perspective, but that isn’t apologetic, that isn’t propaganda. Something that’s true to the sort of people that served and fought, and that’s also something players can enjoy. It touches dangerous territory, but hopefully it’s also an enlightening and engaging experience.
For example, the opposite of what we want — we wouldn’t want to do something where we glorify or heroically present the Tiger crew that goes out there to win the war, like they’re just a bunch of happy-go-lucky chaps who happen to speak German. That’s not what we’re doing. We’re trying to tell something that reaches out and touches, hopefully, through the Battlefield lens, what it was like to be on the side that was losing, that had been fighting for many years. Their morale is breaking. There are a vast array of people involved in the fight, from young people who don’t know what it’s like to veterans who know exactly what is going on, but are afraid to say it.
Above: The Last Tiger takes place late in the war, when the German cause is hopeless.
 I’ve touched on this continually, because there was so much debate internally. How in the hell would we do this? Our touchstone was Das Boot. That particular film, a film from the early ‘80s, it’s about a submarine crew at the end of the war, when the momentum has absolutely tipped away from the Germans and toward the Allies. You have a crew that’s up against it, and a wide array of people in there with different attitudes and perspectives. Meanwhile, the captain is trying to hold it all together, just trying to get them through the day and keep them alive. Sometimes he’s just telling them what they need to hear to keep going.
That informed us a great deal, as to how to tell the story, and how not to whitewash anything — not to reject the truth, but to try and get behind their eyes a bit. It’s a moving and powerful film, and it does feel true. It feels authentic.
 Absolutely. It is about the same length as the other War Stories. We do have the curse, I suppose, of having to very quickly introduce these characters and try to make them connect with you. One advantage we have over the other War Stories, though — with this one we have the cast of characters inside the tank all the time. We can do a lot of storytelling during gameplay between those characters in a way we couldn’t so easily do in the other War Stories, where at times you’re alone.
You get to expand a lot more on the tension inside the tank and how the characters depend on each other and communicate about what’s going on. They’re not just talking about the damage the tank’s had or the ammunition they might have left. We can add a lot of subtext in how these guys are communicating, how the crew starts to come undone as the pressure of what’s happening around them reveals their true values.
Above: Peter Muller is the commander of Tiger tank 237.
 I think I’d go back to the start, where we were. The Tiger is the iconic tank of World War II. If you look at what we launched at the start of Battlefield V, we have the German forces and British forces under the Axis and Allies headings. We wanted to tell a tank story, and if you look at the vehicles out there — at the start you have the Panzer II on the German side — which is more like an armored car, really — and you have the Panzer III, which is fair for what it is, but we didn’t actually feature that in the launch of the game, because we went for the Panzer IV as the entry tank. That’s good, but it’s not really distinctive. It fought across all the fronts, but it doesn’t jump out at you the way something like the Tiger does.
The Tiger is kind of like — in this kind of situation my mind goes to strange metaphors. It’s like fighting as an ordinary vigilante versus fighting as Batman. There’s an iconic value to building on a name like that and the feeling that you get as a result from it. If you look at the vintage vehicles in there, you have the Valentine and the Churchill. The Churchill is the closest to having something like a name, but overall the British tanks don’t have the best name for themselves in World War II. Most British successes were really found with the Sherman, an American tank that came along later.
When you break all that stuff out, then, it’s the Tiger that really jumps out at you. Then it became a question of, how do we tell a story that’s authentic to that setting and not mess it up? How do we tell something that delivers on your expectations? That’s a big decision you’re making there. How do you make it feel authentic to that side and not pave over the obvious–not paint them as heroic, but also not dehumanize them to the point that they’re just cartoon Germans?
 I think you could get a perfect answer out of Steven Hall, our lead writer, but I’ll do my best. Trying to channel him, I think what he would say is something about putting human beings in that situation and finding a way to expose yourself to how they would think and feel, so you can relate at some level.
There are four characters in the tank. First of all, there’s the loader, Hartmann. He’s the youngest guy in the tank, and he’s very shaken by what’s going on, to the point where he seems almost shell-shocked by the combat he’s been in. He’s fragile. Then we have the driver, an older character named Kertz. He’s close friends with the commander. He’s able to call him out if he’s stretching the truth, shall we say, but he’s also a close supporter of his. The newest character who’s joined the crew, right at the start of the story, is the gunner, who’s just replaced a gunner that they’ve lost. He’s someone who’s believed in what he’s been told. He’s there to say those things that he’s been told, and also to listen to what other people are saying and say it back to them. And then there’s Mueller, the captain, who has to do what he has to do to get this crew to move on their missions and keep them alive. That’s who you play in the story.
We have themes in our story about consequences, consequences for actions, and also about truth. Without spoiling anything, I think those are the pieces we move across the board, to try to hopefully make you relate to these characters, but also hold up who they are to themselves and hold them to account for the things that they do.
 To Eric’s point previously, talking about the work the commander of the submarine in Das Boot goes through, basically getting his crew through the day with what he says and what he does — I think it’s very similar to that. I think it shines through here, how Mueller works so hard to just keep his crew members together here and fulfill the mission. What he says and what he does, his actions–all that dawns upon him, and all of them, as they face the truth.
Yandex, the internet titan often referred to as the “Google of Russia,” has 
 its first smartphone.
The Yandex.Phone is a 5.65-inch Android-powered phone that will cost 17,990 rubles ($270) when it goes on sale tomorrow.
In terms of specifications, Yandex.Phone is a fairly mid-range device, sporting a Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 processor, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of expandable storage, and a 16-megapixel / 5-megapixel dual rear camera.
Above: Yandex.Phone: Rear view
In place of Google Assistant, which is standard on most Android phones, the company is also pushing its own intelligent assistant, Alice. This isn’t the first piece of Yandex hardware to sport Alice 
 — earlier this year, 
 that also included the virtual assistant.
It’s not entirely clear what the default apps on the phone will be, but judging by the official photos it seems pretty clear Yandex is positioning its own services at the forefront of the device and favoring its own search engine. That said, Google’s apps are also bundled.
Above: Yandex.Phone
The launch comes nearly three years after 
 in an anti-competition case against Google in Russia. Lawmakers found that Google had abused its dominant market position, hindering the ability of other companies to create competing services on Android by forcing manufacturers to bundle Google apps — such as Gmail, Google Search, and Google Play — on Android phones.
As a result of the ruling, Google was not permitted to restrict the preinstallation of competing apps, including search engines. Google was also required to offer a “choice window” for its mobile Chrome browser, asking the user at launch what default search engine they wanted. In the year or so since this change has taken effect, Yandex 
 in terms of search market share on Android.
Integrating Alice into the fabric of the phone means users in Russia will also have a deeply integrated voice assistant experience from the get-go, covering maps, calendar, music, weather, and even voice-calling.
“Yandex.Phone is built to offer Russian users a smartphone equipped with all the localized tools needed for users to navigate their daily routines,” said Fedor Yezhov, corporate VP of ecosystem products at Yandex. “Users can interact with Alice and the most widely used Yandex applications in a new way on this phone. Fully integrated into the phone, Alice provides users with comprehensive access to Yandex apps.”
Meanwhile, Google is 
, and the company recently 
 so that device makers will be charged a licensing fee to preinstall its apps in Europe.
The Yandex.Phone will go on sale on December 6 through the Yandex Store at the company’s Moscow HQ, followed a day later by other retailers across the country.
Thanks to a likely broken news embargo, we know that 
‘s hit third-person shooter 
 will be getting a new mode. It’s called Creative, and it will be a sandbox mode that will encourage players to, well, get creative.
We know of the mode’s existence because a YouTube content maker called Lachlan uploaded a video showcasing it. Lachlan was part of a group of Fortnite influencers that went to Epic Game’s headquarters to try out the new mode, according to Fortnite-focused site 
. Lachlan’s video is now down, but sites like Fortnite Intel already scoured it for details. If you want to see the video yourself, it isn’t hard to find.
Fortnite has two main modes right now. Save the World has a team of players fighting against hordes of computer-controlled enemies. The much more popular Battle Royale mode has 100 players fight to be the last person or team standing. The latter, which is a free-to-play mode, has helped Fortnite become a huge hit on PC, mobile, and consoles. It has over 200 million players.
Creative mode will give Fortnite fans the ability to create their own experiences. You can fly around an island and make your own levels, and then you can establish rules for things like team deathmatch. You can also fiddle with settings like gravity, spawn locations, and time limits.
This announcement for Creative was likely supposed to be part of 
, which takes place on December 6.
 today announced that it has formed a joint venture with a Port of Hamburg container operator to create a system for moving cargo to and from ships.
The venture with Hamburger Hafen und Logistik Aktiengesellschaft (HHLA), the leading container terminal operator in the Port of Hamburg, will explore how evolving container technologies could work with Hyperloop. As the system develops, the partners could then market it to other ports and logistics companies.
The idea is to use a Hyperloop system to connect the port’s container terminal to other shipyards further inland, which would allow the port to significantly increase the amount of cargo it can handle. HTT says it will soon begin construction of a testing terminal of about 100 meters, using a special freight capsule and loading dock.
“HHLA has a long history of innovation. Years before we we’re talking about self-driving vehicles, containers moved autonomously in Hamburg,” said HTT CEO and cofounder Dirk Ahlborn. “Together we will develop a complete system that not only concentrates on speed and efficiency, but also takes into account the issues ports face in daily operation.”
HTT is 
 
 the technology originally 
 that uses vacuum pressure and levitating pods on magnetized tracks to create a super-fast transportation system.
Founded in 2013, HTT uses its own employees and crowdsourced engineering contributions to develop its technology.
Each day in India’s capital, New Delhi, hundreds of thousands of people take a quiet subway across the crowded suburbs to reach their work. The relative calm is interrupted every few minutes as the train reaches a station and an ever-growing population jostles to find a seat. Seconds later, everyone returns their attention to their smartphone screen, resuming the comedy sketch they were watching on YouTube.
More than 7,500 miles away, executives at Netflix are scrambling for new strategies to court this audience. Earlier this year, CEO Reed Hastings, who has 
 sleep as the biggest competition to his service on multiple occasions, wondered out loud if the next 100 million Netflix subscribers are in India.
They probably are, but YouTube, not sleep, has already claimed them.
Despite 
 investing billions of dollars in 
, they are struggling to make inroads in emerging markets. YouTube, on the other hand, is growing rapidly, becoming a daily habit for even new internet users.
In India, for instance, YouTube reaches 245 million unique users each month, or 85 percent of all internet users in the country, the company told VentureBeat. About 60 percent of all YouTube traffic in India comes from outside the country’s six major cities.
In Indonesia, YouTube reaches about 74 million active users each month, Google 
 at an event this week, an increase of over 50 percent year-over-year. In Thailand, YouTube reaches 92 percent of rural users and 93 percent of urban users.
“I think one of the main reasons YouTube is so successful in emerging markets is that it is more mobile-centric. Short-form video lends itself to mobile viewing versus long form. It is not particularly comfortable watching a two-hour movie on your phone,” explains Michael Goodman, director of Television & Media Strategies at research firm Strategy Analytics.
.
 just said that India is the only country in the world where Youtube has more unique visitors per month than google search. 
— Kawaljit Singh Bedi (@kawaljit) 
As consumption on YouTube grows, creators are also finding loyal audiences. In India alone, YouTube now has more than 600 channels with more than 1 million subscribers, up from 20 channels in 2016. Record label T-Series, which is 
 with PewDiePie for the title of most-subscribed YouTube channel, took 10 years to get to its first 10 million subscribers. In the last two years, it has grown to 60 million subscribers. Globally, YouTube says the number of channels with more than 1 million subscribers has grown by 75 percent this year.
To fast-track its global growth and reach, Google maintains deals to ensure an unspecified number of internet service providers treat 
. As part of one such deal, several telecom operators and broadband providers do not count a user’s YouTube consumption against their monthly data plan. To an extent, YouTube also benefits from the pallet of apps that ship pre-installed on the vast majority of Android handsets.
Of course, YouTube, which is used by 1.9 billion logged-in users each month, is not limited to developing markets. Of all the users who watch any streaming service in the U.S., 96.1 percent consume YouTube and 73.8 percent consume Netflix, according to eMarketer’s 2018 estimates:
Globally, YouTube told VentureBeat that 75 percent of the platform’s watch time occurs on a mobile device. The average watch time for a mobile user is 60 minutes per day. In other words, this is the time a user could have spent watching Netflix. According to eMarketer’s estimates, an average user would spend about 86 minutes per day watching digital videos on streaming services this year. (Netflix does not reveal individual viewing time.)
Analysts VentureBeat spoke to said that some of YouTube‘s recent moves could further boost its user base and consumption. Last month, YouTube 
 adding full feature-length Hollywood movies to the website. And a few days later, the company 
 that it would be making original content available to non-paying users. (eMarketer analyst Paul Verna noted that the move also underscores the difficulty in monetizing content through payments.)
But perhaps the biggest advantage YouTube has over Netflix is the 
 and how much of it is available to users at no cost. Whether it is speeches made at Oxford Union, government press conferences made available by C-Span, or daily U.S. talk shows, the platform serves a variety of needs.
Strategy Analytics’ Goodman added that despite all the investment YouTube makes to produce original programming and license movies, this only amounts to a tiny percentage of its total content library. “In the grand scheme of things, the amount of viewing of original content and movies is just a drop in the bucket compared to the rest of what is consumed on YouTube,” he said. In other words, Netflix and Amazon and 100 other OTT services are not fighting one entity in YouTube, they are competing with millions of content creators.
Does 
 only show 
 ads? 
 
— Het Dagli (@DagliHet) 
Even if Netflix does not point to YouTube as a threat, it is apparent that the company acknowledges its reach. If you frequent YouTube, odds are you have already encountered Netflix ads there. Netflix also counts on YouTube to help it find a larger audience. Take for example the new weekly Netflix show “Patriot Act with Hasan Minhaj” — the show’s 
 offers all its episodes for free.
It’s any game publisher’s worst nightmare — you’ve announced or launched the latest version of your big franchise, and instead of widespread acclaim, your biggest fans are angry and disappointed. What should you do?
This is the challenge for Bethesda after Fallout 76 debuted to terrible player feedback, followed by 
 for shipping its $200 Special Edition Power Armor Helmet with a nylon bag instead of the advertised canvas bag. 
 after announcing to a gathering of (mostly PC) fans at BlizzCon that the next iteration of the Diablo franchise would be exclusive to mobile — a premise so disappointing to the crowd that one fan asked if the announcement was a mistimed April Fool’s joke.
Both these unfortunate events risk not only harming sales of these new games but also damaging the long-term viability of the core franchise. Escaping this fate will take decisive action.
During my three decades in the games industry, I’ve had to face a number of crises — everything from the 
 to having President Clinton hold a press conference and single out one of my advertising campaigns for 
 (for Namco’s Point Blank). While CEO of Square Enix America from 2010 to 2013, we faced a critical situation after the launch of Final Fantasy XIV. How we addressed the situation provides some examples of how to respond when a big franchise game disappoints fans.
Final Fantasy XIV launched on PC September 2010 to almost universal negative reviews. The Metacritic review stands at 49, which was unthinkable for a franchise that regularly scores in the high 80’s to low 90’s. Realizing the risk to the franchise that defined the company, Square Enix responded with a number of drastic measures, including:
Here are some of the lessons we learned:
Fans have come to expect a certain standard of quality and experience from your game. They preordered or bought it at launch because of the reputation of the franchise, only to have been let down. This is not a problem that a PR agency, marketing person, or community manager can fix. Problems need to be addressed directly to the fans by either the CEO or the top creator in charge of the game. Relying on lower-level people is likely to do more harm than good.
EA added insult to injury when the community team responded to criticism for locking popular characters in Star Wars: Battlefront with the excuse that they wanted to “create a sense of pride and accomplishment” for their fans, which created a meme that will haunt the franchise forever.
Don’t take half measures or try to minimize the issue. Bethesda’s modest allocation of in-game currency to fans who bought the special edition felt like a slap in the face. The Blizzard producer whose on-stage response to negative feedback was, “Don’t you have mobile phones?” further inflamed fans. (In his defense, this all happened in real-time and was an off-the-cuff remark). What’s required is a direct statement to fans — not investors — that acknowledges the problem and commits to fixing it.Then fix it.
It took over two months for Square Enix to announce its recovery plan, and during that time the criticism of fans was unrelenting. But the time was spent creating a long-term, end-to-end solution. In some cases an immediate response may be necessary, but history has shown again and again that a knee-jerk reaction can make a bad situation worse. Set up a cross-functional war-room and work until the situation gets addressed. Let fans know you are working on it and ask for their patience along with their forgiveness.
Find a way to reward the early customers who bought the game on faith. It may be unique in-game items, discounts or other special rewards or acknowledgment (
 is a good start). Let your fans be on your side – remember, they are angry because they love your games and they want you to succeed. Forums are not all bands of angry villagers with torches, they are loyal players.
Above: A Redditor wants Fallout 76 to get better
The FFXIV developers used the harsh feedback provided on outside forums as an independent source of input. This was by no means the only resource used, but it did help inform the decision-making, as did input from all the Square Enix subsidiaries around the world.
If the recovery plan will take time, be transparent and keep the communication going. Blizzard can let fans know both why the Diablo mobile game will be a good experience even for PC players, but absolutely must also provide a good roadmap for the Diablo 4 PC game that they’ve been patiently waiting for. Bethesda can be up-front about what they will (and won’t) do to improve the player experience in Fallout 76.
 has shown that recovering from “brand transgressions” can actually improve customer loyalty. Fan response to the Final Fantasy: Reborn was inspiring. Not only was the game itself a business success (Square Enix 
 in August of this year that the game had garnered over 14 million registered users over its lifetime), but it created a positive environment that helped Final Fantasy XV launch into a friendly reception.
The recovery plan cost a fortune and took years to execute, but it delivered a positive return on investment in the end, and most important – saved the crown jewels of the Final Fantasy franchise.
A few months ago I bumbled along to a Gamescom appointment to see a new game from Innerspace, a VR developer I’d grown much respect for after experiencing its Firebird series. I’d assumed there would be another delightful little experiment to enjoy in its latest title, A Fisherman’s Tale, but I wasn’t quite prepared for 
.
Four months on and I’ve just played it again. Much to my relief, it still manages to amaze me.
In A Fisherman’s Tale you play as a puppet fisherman that’s confined to his cozy lighthouse home. He awakens one night to find that all is not right with his comfy abode, and sets out on a supernatural adventure unlike anything else you’ve seen. I played through the game’s second chapter last week and instantly fell back into my state of enamored admiration for what Innerspace is trying to do. Here’s why.
The first two chapters of A Fisherman’s Tale revolve around one of the most immediately engaging and mind-blowing concepts I’ve seen in VR. Inside the fisherman’s lighthouse there is a model of … the fisherman’s lighthouse. But this is no simple diorama; remove the roof of the hut and you’ll see the ceiling above you disappear. Peer down into the model below and, sure enough, there’s a miniature version of yourself mirroring your every move. Open the window and you’ll look out to see a bigger version of the room surrounding you.
It takes a few minutes to fully adjust to the eye-opening ramifications of this mechanic (during which you’ll probably try and poke yourself with your own giant finger) but once you manage to get a grasp on it, it gives way to some truly impressive puzzling. Need a smaller version of an item to solve a puzzle? Reach into the model and pull the mini-me edition out. Need something bigger? Drop that item into the scene from above and it’ll fall right in front of you at an enlarged sign.
It’s difficult to believe that it works so well, but it really does. And the game puts it to great use in the first two chapters, twisting the concept in several ways and mining it for all it’s worth. And it all works so well because you simply believe that there are worlds within worlds around you.
As captivating as this device is, though, I could easily see it running thin before the game’s credits roll. Fortunately, Innerspace has reassured me multiple times that the remaining chapters will introduce some new twists of their own and won’t lean as heavily on this concept. Wondering what other kinds of virtual acid trips the developer is preparing for later on has me very anxious to get my hands on the full game.
There’s a lot that Innerspace could do with this world beyond that initial idea. In my first two demos I moved between two rooms of the lighthouse and met some pretty strange characters along the way. It leaves you with a genuine sense that anything could be around the next corner.
Above: One day, I want to hang out with a big picture of myself hanging over me.
In the two chapters I’ve played of A Fisherman’s Tale the game has really only begun to scratch the surface of a deeper mystery at the heart of the story. Why is this fisherman locked away in the solitude of his lighthouse? Why are his ornaments suddenly coming to life and taking him on fantastical adventures? What’s with the cutscenes that pop up between chapters?
You get the sense that all of this is mounting to a bigger reveal, one that perhaps might involve a little more trauma than the game’s whimsical charm has let on thus far. If Innerspace can nail the narrative aspect of the game, it might be enough to elevate this to one of VR’s first truly essential titles.
Despite it being the team’s first game, A Fisherman’s Tale is undoubtedly an Innerspace experience. From the comfy confines of the lighthouse to the gentle tones of the narrator, the game boasts a wholesome sheen that makes it an utter delight to simply exist in. Your home is decorated down to the tiniest of details, and the wooden walls and floorboards feel worn and authentic. The setting is as much of a character as you are.
At times A Fisherman’s Tale feels like a poem in motion. The writing is sharp and deliberate and there’s a seamlessness to transitioning between model and ‘reality’ that never fails to amaze you. It’s an experience that works 
 your brain in a way that staves off frustration.
It’s very much the sum of all of these parts that makes A Fisherman’s Tale something that feels genuinely new. This isn’t a VR game about fulfilling your dreams but instead taking you beyond them. Innerspace understands that there’s a whole other world beyond the limits of human imagination to explore with VR and it’s one of a precious few studios capitalizing on that.
Perhaps that’s all hyperbole; perhaps when all is said and done A Fisherman’s Tale will simply go down as an enjoyable, if compact little puzzler. But I’m willing to bet it’s bigger than that.
The 
 (CWL) kicked off its esports season this weekend in Las Vegas. And this year, the competitors will play 
 multiplayer in five players against five players (5v5) combat with all of it broadcast on 
.
The event is expected to draw 12,000 to 15,000 people to the Hard Rock Hotel this weekend. Nearly 2,000 players are competing in a sold-out open bracket in addition to 16 professional teams with their own berths. This year, the teams are playing the same kind of matches that the public is playing with Black Ops 4 in terms of 5v5.
But there still isn’t any esports mode involving 
, the battle royale feature in Black Ops 4. I spoke with Jay Puryear, director of brand management at Treyarch, and Adam Apicella, vice president of league and event operations at Activision Blizzard’s MLG. They say they’re keeping an eye on Blackout play and are trying to figure out whether it will be appropriate in an esports format.
Fans will at least get a chance to play an informal Blackout tournament at CWL, and they can also get a peek at Call of Duty: Black Ops 4’s first content drop, dubbed 
.
Here’s an edited transcript of our interview.
Above: Jay Puryear, director of brand management at Treyarch.
 We’re in Las Vegas at the Hard Rock Casino. This weekend will be the kickoff for the CWL season featuring Black Ops 4. We have nearly 2,000 players competing in a sold-out bracket in addition [to] our 16 professional teams here. It’s a sold-out crowd, a sold-out bracket. We’re excited for the weekend.
 All told, over the course of the weekend, we’re expecting 12,000 to 15,000 total.
 This is a unique production for us. The venue’s a little different from our normal stadium or convention center. It’s spread over three spaces. The main stage is The Joint at Hard Rock. We’ve taken that over for the big main space production. In the middle room, we have our sets where the casters are at. We have some of the pro matches going on there, and we also have our sponsor booths. We have a big three-story booth where you can walk up and play Blackout. We have a Zombies experience and a DJ. It’s a really fun experiential room.
The last room, we have our open bracket. We have almost 500 PS4s deployed. At each of these stations, the players will compete, and if they do well enough, they’ll make it forward in the bracket to play against the pros.
 There’s a blend. We have pre-qualification that goes on online and also based on last season’s results. If you did well enough in any of those preceding qualifiers, you’d get a preferential placement with the pros. If you didn’t make it through any of those qualifiers, we sold a very limited quantity of passes, 256 open-bracket team passes. They sold out in 45 seconds. If you didn’t make it through any of the qualifiers, you had to try to get one of those team passes to make it into the competition.
Above: CWL Las Vegas 2018.
 The biggest thing for us is going to the 5v5 format. We looked at some of the meta and the way the game was being played in the public arena. We tried to map what the public is playing with what the pros are playing.
We believe that with the dynamic team makeup, the way we’re using the specialists, we’ve created a unique meta for the pros this year. Putting together a team that complements not only how individual players play but also the team makeup. We believe we’ve created a unique metadynamic. Being able to see the public and the pros playing the same format is going to be pretty exciting this year. So far, as Adam mentioned, with the ticket sales and where we’re at, this event is going to be a wonderful way to kick off the new season.
 I think you’re going to see a lot more momentum and different types of momentum in matches. Obviously, we have the heal mechanic this year, so we anticipate teams — while the front plays at a frenetic pace because that’s just how good they are, I think you’ll see an ebb and flow to the team waiting for an ability to charge up. Like if you look at Crash, where you can heal before you go into a hardpoint. I think you’re going to see the ebb and flow of matches where, depending on if the specialist abilities are ready — you’re going to relax a second, heal up, and then, you’ll go in to try to recapture the hardpoint.
Above: Adam Apicella.
 The CWL season kicked off with the launch of the game, basically. Amateur play started online. It’ll culminate at the end of the summer. We haven’t planned a date yet for the championships, but that always marks the end of the season. Typically, that’s at the end of the summer.
 Right now, we have a three-tiered Blackout experience for people who attend the event, purely for entertainment, having fun, and interacting with Black Ops 4 in a unique way. It’s the same thing with Zombies. This is the first time I can think of at a CWL event where we’ve really celebrated the game to this extent, where you have not only the competitive multiplayer being showcased but the ability to play Blackout and Zombies. It’s a unique strength for the people who are able to attend. We’ll be watching that, and we’ll see how it goes.
Above: CWL Las Vegas event.
 Without speaking from a game design perspective but more from a production and a league operations standpoint, it’s something we have our eye on. We’re assessing as much data as possible. When we take a look at an esports product, we try to let the community tell us what they want. It’s an active conversation, but right now, we just love that people are streaming and playing it. We’re trying to collect as much data as possible around potentially, if we ever did something with it, how we’d present it and produce it.
Any time you have 100 players in a match, that’s a difficult narrative to tell. Some other games out there are doing it, obviously. We’ve been watching them and seeing how it’s being done. If we do it, we’ll definitely want to do it the Activision and Treyarch way and make sure it’s true to the game. But right now, we’re just taking a lot of notes and seeing what the community is doing with it.
 I’d agree with that. That’s a potential solution. But like Adam said, we’ve been watching the community. I don’t know if you had a chance to watch the Doritos Bowl that we did on Twitch, but we’re definitely looking at it. The most important thing Adam mentioned is we want to do what’s right for Blackout and what’s right for the Call of Duty franchise. That’s our key focus. We’re taking in all the data to see what the next steps are.
 has become one of the world’s most successful mobile games. Licensed by NCSoft and built by 
, the massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) game has more than 30 million players on iOS and Android.
It debuted in December 2016 in South Korea, and it went worldwide in November 2017. The game is also a big deal because the players spend a lot of money. The title generated $176 million in its first month, and it hit $924 million in its first 11 months.
A year after the global launch, Lineage 2: Revolution continues to be one of the most popular mobile MMORPGs. The company has been able to draw players to the massive open world with lots of new characters, large-scale player-versus-player (PvP) battles, and Unreal 4 Engine graphics.
Netmarble gave the game a big head start as it launched advertising campaigns and recruited influencers — including 
 — on platforms like YouTube and Twitch to promote the game.
I spoke with Simon Sim, president of Netmarble US, about the growth of Lineage 2: Revolution in the West.
Here’s an edited transcript of our interview.
Above: Simon Sim is president of Netmarble US.
 Worldwide, accumulated players are 30 million, yes.
 As you know, Lineage 2: Revolution is the first true MMORPG to enter the mobile space. We expected there would be a lot of challenges when we launched this game, even in South Korea. But the results have been great. We think 30 million users is a pretty big number, considering this is a true MMORPG.
 Yes, that was the big challenge. But we believed that mobile gamers were coming to expect high-fidelity games with much more in-depth content. We believed that this market was coming in the very near future. We launched in South Korea, then Southeast Asia, then Japan, and then globally. Each market we launched into, it became a hit. We were very surprised and very excited.
 It’s a strange situation. We launched Lineage 2: Revolution in South Korea in December 2016, but at that time, what were very popular in the Korean market were action-RPGs, not MMORPGs. There were some MMO games but not this kind of high-fidelity title. It was a challenge even in Korea. In Japan, Asian-style MMORPGs have never been very popular, so that was another challenge. Also, as a non-Japanese studio, it’s harder to break into the top-grossing charts in Japan. But Lineage 2: Revolution hit number one on the Japanese iOS charts when it launched. In the West, what we saw as the big challenges were making our growth system and massive-scale real time battles happen on a smartphone.
Above: Netmarble.
Each market is different. It’s hard to say that one market or another was especially above our expectations. In each market, we faced different challenges. That’s why we separated out our builds for each market and tried to overcome them one at a time, developing them to fit each market’s audience. That strategy worked out well.
 As you know, the device specs are quite different in different geos. In Southeast Asia and Latin America, the average device spec is lower than in other territories. When we launched in Southeast Asia, we did a lot of optimization and [offered] different options for levels of visual quality. Users can change the quality level, the rendering level. That experience helped a lot in turn when we launched in Latin America, which has a similar situation to Southeast Asia. Providing that functionality and optimizing for lower-end devices was a big part of our success there. In Latin America, when we launched there, we hit the top-grossing charts on both iOS and Android right away.
 I can’t offer very much comment on Diablo or Blizzard, but there’s a couple of interesting phenomena we’ve been observing about Lineage 2: Revolution. One is around user play times. The average play time for the Western version of Lineage 2: Revolution is more than four hours a day. That’s huge, right? It was well above our expectation. It was my understanding that Western gamers, even hardcore mobile RPG players, rarely play more than two hours a day.
Many users play on their smartphones on the go, or when they’re sitting at home and then at their PC, they’ll play through an emulator. We’ve seen this kind of pattern in Asian players before, but we didn’t expect it from Western gamers. For some people, though, if their smartphone doesn’t run the game as well, they can play it through an emulator on their PC. As you know, Lineage 2: Revolution runs on Unreal Engine 4, so if you play it on your PC, it looks like a PC game. That’s been an interesting phenomenon. We’re very surprised by that and very [excited].
Second, the growth system. Lineage 2: Revolution has a somewhat original growth system. We tried to make it easier for players to grow their characters. But some players have spent so much time that they’ve grown faster than our expectation. We’ve adjusted the growth system to be more acceptable and deliver more content. The content consumption speed has been faster than we expected, so we’ve had to rush to provide more patches.
Above: Lineage 2: Revolution.
 As far as monetization goes, the basic mechanics are similar in each territory, but Western gamers are less accepting of the enhancement failure. Many Asian MMORPGs, even on PC, have an enhancement system where there’s a ratio where you either have a success or a failure. We’ve observed that a lot of Western gamers are less accepting of that aspect of the growth system. We tried to rebuild that model and remove that barrier. We’ll keep doing that. We keep learning from user behavior and keep analyzing user play patterns to revise our business model.
 It’s more than a year since the game launched, so many players have already reached a very high level. When new users come in, it’s hard to catch up to the content for high-end users. That’s why we provide the Orc character option, which starts at level 180. When users make a new character, they can go straight to a higher level of rank to join in high-level content more easily. That’s one way we’re trying to appeal to new users and bring them in. Our collaboration with DC Comics is another way of appealing to new users.
CEO turnover is on the rise across corporate America. The number of top executives who have left their jobs in 2018 has reached a 10-year high, 
 outplacement firm Challenger, Gray & Christmas.
Reasons for the trend vary, the firm says, from natural movement in a tight labor market, to economic uncertainty, to a desire by companies, in light of #MeToo, “to let go of leaders that do not fit their culture or otherwise act unethically.”
Whatever the causes, the high turnover has an interesting side effect: more opportunities for executives seeking their very first CEO gigs. These vice presidents, general managers, chief financial officers, et al, typically have spent years working toward a shot at the top spot. The current direction toward fresh blood in the corner office means more can get there.
And yet most have no idea about the challenges they’ll encounter.
It’s a subject close to my heart. After several years in leadership roles at Salesforce and Oracle, I became a first-time CEO at a smaller tech company in fall 2015. I left at the beginning of 2018 as part of a corporate restructuring that would have required me and my family to relocate. Five months later, I landed my second CEO post, at another tech firm.
The first realization that smacked me in the face as a rookie: It’s a really hard job. I had naively thought being CEO would be only incrementally more difficult than other positions I’d held. Running a business unit within a company carries a lot of responsibility, right?
Yes, but it’s not even close to the same. As CEO, the buck stops here on company success (or lack thereof), culture, brand satisfaction, product quality, funding, communication with the board of directors, and a host of other priorities that don’t really sink in until you’re in the big chair. It’s all a huge thrill, but it also requires a massive adjustment in how the freshly minted CEO thinks and acts.
I reflect frequently on the lessons I learned as a first-time CEO and how I can apply them at my new company. Here are six of the most important ones, in no particular order.
 Get used to it. On my third day as a CEO, I visited one of our offices. A manager in one of the groups had emailed me that he’d love to get together over coffee and share some ideas. He just happened to get to me before anyone else. I replied, “Sure, let’s do it.”
Within an hour, everyone in the office of 130 people knew I had gone out for coffee with this guy as one of my first acts as CEO. It was seen as a huge stamp of approval for him and his ideas. I thought I was just meeting a new employee.
The lesson: As a new CEO, everything you do or say, big or small, is magnified. Everyone in the company notices everything. A successful CEO recognizes this and uses their bully pulpit wisely, deliberately, and selectively.
 For the first time in their career, a new CEO doesn’t get to commiserate with other people in the company. Because of the microscope effect, if the CEO says something to one person, they must assume they’re saying it to everyone. They can’t, for instance, grab a beer with the head of products and complain about the head of sales. Inevitably, the comments will get out, and the sales leader will never recover. This reality is a hard adjustment for some new CEOs.
The lesson: A CEO will often feel like Tony Soprano. To paraphrase the mob boss from the hit HBO show: “You’ve got no idea what it’s like to be Number One. Every decision you make affects every facet of every other thing … And in the end you’re completely alone with it all.”
 My first CEO gig was with a company experiencing business challenges. I kept repeating the message to employees that we were going to turn this thing around. I’m not sure, however, that I was transparent enough about the facts of the situation and specifically why I felt some areas were broken. I could have built more trust by sharing more.
At my new company, I put up a dashboard at our monthly all-hands meeting with all 260 employees. It’s the same one I use with the executive team and the board. It has all the numbers and facts that show how the company is performing and how we need to.
The lesson: The first step in a transparent culture is, well, transparency. It’s the CEO’s job to make sure employees are given sufficient information so they’re not just along for the ride but truly are part of the ride.
 The amount of time CEOs spend watching over the business, meeting with investors and potential ones, talking with the media, etc., can be staggering. A first-time CEO must learn quickly that they can’t allow the calendar crush to steal their approachability. “I’m so busy” are words that can never slip from a CEO’s lips.
Instead, they find ways to maximize their time. For example, I hold all-hands meetings with an open Q&A. I’ll spend a morning with, say, the customer support team as they work, to see their challenges first hand and to listen. I’ve even been known to sit in the break room with my laptop, chatting up everyone who walks in. I also send a weekly email highlighting what I feel are top accomplishments, activities, and priorities.
The lesson: Most CEOs are outgoing and approachable by nature, but if they’re not careful, the demands of being CEO can make them significantly less approachable. They can’t allow themselves to fall into that trap.
 While it’s the CEO’s job to set a strategic direction for the company, he or she 
. One of the first things I did in my second CEO gig was establish a team of 30 people – not just my direct reports but other leaders responsible for execution – and we meet twice a month to examine business operations and make sure execution is aligned with strategy.
The lesson: CEOs must consistently insert themselves into the execution conversation.
 At 4 PM every Tuesday, I leave work to coach my kids’ youth hockey team. It’s an inconvenient time for a CEO to step away, but my family is my No. 1 priority. I explain to employees why I do this, how technology allows me to time shift my work to later at night, and that they are 
.
The lesson isn’t “work hard, play hard,” which sounds like a fraternity-type culture. It’s reinforcing the message that employees don’t need to be sitting on email from 4 to 5 if their kid has soccer practice. Go be with your kids and catch up on work later in the day. What’s good for the CEO is good for everyone else.
 LinkedIn, 12,000 of its members share the title of CEO at companies with more than 50 employees. CEO is an exclusive club, and it can be daunting for those entering it for the first time. But by knowing what they’re getting into, and exercising the strong judgment and careful thought that got them to the top spot in the first place, rookie CEOs can knock it out of the park.
The startup economy of today is eerily similar to the banking sector of 2007 right before the financial crisis. In 
 about the causes of that crisis, Ben Bernanke said: “The propensity for excessive risk-taking by … interconnected firms must be greatly reduced.”
We’re seeing that kind of dangerous interconnectedness again — this time in the startup sector. Slack, WeWork, even giants like Amazon are seeking to make more money faster off of other startups that are rich with cash and known for profligate spending. Startups are encouraged to go after other startups as customers, thanks to a cocktail of strategies like Lean and land-and-expand, making for an interconnected ecosystem where much of the risk is hidden.
New companies provide increasingly specialized services to each other, trying to become “monopolies” in a special niche, following the philosophy Peter Thiel laid out in 
. Even more so, investment money that was once fearful of business models built selling to “SMBs” (small and medium sized businesses) — in saner times referred to as “
” — now chases those dollars as the land of endlessly promised “growth.”
Like banking in 2007, easy money has bloated the technology sector, leading to riskier investments. Startups provide services to each other, rather than the larger market, as banks once generated massive sums on trading by swapping new financial derivatives back and forth. And the B2B market, once the darling of venture investing, has become an “S2S” model with much more limited possibilities, and perhaps larger ramifications for the economy at large..


Part of the growth of the startups-chasing-startups has come from the new strategies of selling software, primarily based on the 
, which came into vogue in the early 2010s. 
, “Minimum Viable Product,” based on the idea that a new company should find its first customer as quickly as possible rather than waiting to build the best possible product it can.
The pursuit of a quick sale, however, often results in building for the first customer to arrive. In the enterprise space that typically means newer, smaller companies that can make purchase decisions quickly thanks to the lack of bureaucracy or controls. Selling to a Fortune 500 is a long and painful process, requiring proposals and vendor approvals. To avoid that path, companies now start catering specifically to startups from the beginning. This mentality has transformed the whole B2B model (once seen by investors as safer, and therefore more valuable, than retail) into an S2S model obsessed with Lean, MVP, and customer count. Instead of changing the world, entrepreneurs seek to make a sale to their neighbors at the local WeWork.
, an HR and recruiting SaaS company, is a great example of this MVP route and its challenges. Its functionality is not as deep as older systems like PeopleSoft but has improved over time as it has grown. This “good enough” software is fine for small companies, which have a small budget and want something set up tomorrow — perfect for the Software as a Service (SaaS) delivery model over the Internet. Greenhouse, by cornering that part of the market, now sports a valuation 
.
The challenge for SaaS companies like Greenhouse is that they monopolize one niche for smaller-sized customers but are never able to capture the big fish they need to actually become profitable. That’s because the biggest companies already have software, provided by bigger, stronger competitors — for Greenhouse, HR players like 
 can give more services (several startups I speak to are in the midst of switching from Greenhouse to Workday). Even Workday competes with “legacy” giants like Oracle that are backed by billions of dollars and armies of salespeople. These little monopolies then often end up stuck with a customer base made of only small to mid-sized companies instead. A fisherman cannot be very profitable when he only catches sardines.
This trend is multiplying. Other startups now build their own products on top of other startups, hoping to catch the same growth wave. One example is 
, software that creates a “map” of applicants in Greenhouse as a visual tool. Companies like TalentWall fill in gaps when software is lacking. But from a business perspective, these startups have even more risk — a third layer of a startup based on a startup selling to startups, creating a deeply interconnected but likely highly risky ecosystem. Depending on startups for customers is tricky — its both less profitable and a big risk as most startups fail — and this multi-level startup creates even more risk.
Examples of this type of business abound. 
 is a tool used in Slack, the company messaging tool and another unicorn primarily serving startups. Geekbot creates automated reminders over instant message, which is an interesting feature but not much of a business. Hubspot is wildly popular with small businesses, and its 
 is full of other SaaS companies building on Hubspot to get those startup customers. Like barnacles on a whale, these mini-startups have grown up around the S2S unicorns, hoping to grow with them but also completely dependent on those unicorns to ever have any business.
That risk tends to be invisible during the good times. Companies like Slack and Greenhouse (and their dependents) appear to be growing like gangbusters, as their own customers are rapidly growing headcounts or revenues. This growth technique is an evolution of an old hat in software called 
, where an old customer is sold new products. Instead of cross-selling new products to an account, these new companies price their software by the number of users and so make more money as the startups they serve hire at a breakneck pace. Investors see this growth and assume the startup has hit the magic formula to become a unicorn. Moreover, this growth validates VCs’ theories about “niche monopolies” and “pricing power” that justify sky-high valuations.
The blockchain industry, which I currently work in, has no shortage of examples replicating these models. The original blockchain startups wanted to “
,” but finding actual users — even the most popular Ethereum apps have 
 — or dealing with regulatory hurdles like whether 
 proved too hard. Many startups in the space then pivoted instead to providing services to other blockchain startups — helping “crypto hedge funds” with their taxes, providing trade execution to cryptocurrency “
,” and other services that Fortune 500s typically buy from investment banks’ prime brokerages or the Big 4 consulting companies.
The second most valuable company in the world itself derives no small part of its supercharged growth from faster growing startups. Amazon Web Services is the biggest provider to startups, helping unicorns scale before they have the time and money to build their own data centers. Infinite scale is one of AWS’ core value propositions, and the appeal of well-funded tech startups’ money is strong enough that Amazon has 
 to them, promoting “hot” growth companies like 
. Snapchat alone has committed to 
 on cloud services with AWS, even as it struggles to 
, burning cash at an unsustainable rate, and more worryingly unable to retain the users it currently has. Is Amazon still 
 when so many of its unprofitable customers will inevitably run out of VC cash?
The original Lean methodology and land/expand models have become more of a “we’ll fix it later” attitude to both business models and software. Startups build their growth on top of each other, just as banks once traded derivatives back and forth to create illusory profit, and the growth drives a vicious cycle of funding, hiring, and more spend on services from other startups. But there is one key ingredient still needed to create the kind of this kind of explosive growth: easy money.
Getting funding is not as hard as it used to be, in part due to there being so much more of it today than there once was. Funds are competing for access, and the old number-cruncher VC is being replaced by 
 who are letting go of the old unwritten rules.
A critical example: Customer bases made up of small companies used to be anathema to VCs who lived and died by the 
 ratio. VCs used (and many still use) CaC-to-LTV to make sure companies don’t waste their funding on endless marketing and promotions to juice their growth metrics and make themselves more attractive for more funding, 
. Instead, a startup had to justify the money it spent to get a new customer in terms of the return-on-investment (ROI) each customer would bring, and to prove that customer was profitable over the long-term. This means customers that stick around are the most valuable, as they keep paying over the years — unlike most people who sign up for Blue Apron, the meal-kit delivery startup, who cancel their subscription after a few months.
Blue Apron (APRN) is the ultimate example of how being lax on CAC-to-LTV killed investors. There had always been concern about customers unsubscribing (referred to in the business as “churn”), but investors had faith that Blue Apron would apply some marketing techniques to make users more loyal. This inherent flaw 
 from putting money into the business. APRN itself conveniently left out churn statistics in 
. Sadly, when your investment thesis includes large numbers of humans changing basic behaviors, the risk can be hard to estimate, leaving 
 for a stock 
.
Churn is particularly high for businesses with small customers. Recessions wipe out startups 
 than larger, established businesses for a host of reasons such as less cash, greater credit risk, and non-diversified business models. Investors have historically valued these lower, to compensate for the additional risk. With the powerful concoction of Lean and land and expand strategies described above, 
 have instead inverted this from a problem into an opportunity, tracking complex metrics like SDRR (subscription dollar retention rate) as key for how well the land and expand model is working.
By looking at metrics like SDRR instead of profitability, investors assume the company will be able to raise prices later (monopolistic “pricing power”) and someday become incredibly profitable. Combining plans to raise prices and find new customers paints a picture of infinite exponential growth, as if the company could raise prices forever while continuing to find more customers — a premise that on its face violates 
.
One poster child for today’s pre-IPO combines the more lax standards for “enterprise” businesses with the startup-chasing of today’s growth market: WeWork. WeWork has been 
 for its business model, which effectively arbitrages long-term leases with short-term rentals. Documents for its $700 million junk bond sale in April showed only 
 are “enterprise” clients. Unlike VCs, however, the public markets tend to use traditional metrics for valuation rather than these newer, edgier substitutes, and investors were 
 that WeWork’s numbers made sense, quickly dropping the worth of the bonds to less than face value within days.
The bond markets, it would seem, still have a bad taste in their mouth from the financial crisis over what was called a “liability mismatch,” when banks used short-term loans to buy long-term risky assets (such as mortgage-backed securities). This model worked great until 2007, when the housing markets plunged and and credit dried up, inevitably driving nearly all of Wall Street into bankruptcy. It is not an exaggeration to say WeWorks’ current model is essentially a 
 of this arbitrage.
Another callback to the crisis is lax credit standards as a business model. One of the Valley’s newest unicorns is Brex, a virtual-reality (VR) startup that pivoted to payments when its founders realized they 
. Brex’s model is based on 
, which likely concentrates their risk and the exposure in a recession. Despite these risks, the startup has charged its way to a billion-dollar valuation in 
.
Despite the many similarities to the risks taken by banks during the financial crisis, startups are, for now, a smaller problem: 
 would add up to less than the market cap of Apple by itself, about $840 billion, while JPMorgan and Bank of America are over $300 billion each.
That $840 billion in value still represents a lot of jobs, though, and a significant portion of revenue for many Fortune 500 companies. That number is also growing every year, from 
, and could be large enough soon to test the wider economy. The ecosystem has yet to be tested by any major crisis: such as a decacorn collapse, fund implosion, or general recession, and even if the rest of the economy withstood such an event, it likely would have serious ramifications for places like New York or San Francisco, which have seen 
 as the tech industry has grown the last few years.
The clearest signal is that these second tier startups, with business models based on other early ventures’ growth, are likely to go down in large numbers in their next economic stress test. Their investors and employees will likely outperform for the near term, but a messy ending is inevitable. And unlike the “too big to fail” banks of 2007, there very likely won’t be any bailout to save them.
Kids in Arkansas are set to strap VR headsets on to learn about the damage they can do to their noggin’.
CrashCourse is a new interactive education program that’s designed to educate high school students about the risks and effects of concussions. This month the State of Arkansas announced that it’s teaming up with nonprofit public health group TeachAids to implement the platform in every high school within its jurisdiction.
It’s a condition that VR seems uniquely positioned to help tackle, and this program looks like it does so in some smart ways.
The VR component of CrashCourse consists of an interactive film that puts viewers on the field of a football game. At certain points in the film you’re given choices about what to do next and you’ll then see the repercussions of your actions. The video includes Stanford players including Bryce Love, who will educate you about the risks of concussion and how to avoid it.
Following that, there’s another interactive experience named the Symptoms Simulator, which shows users what it’s like to actually have a concussion so that they can spot the signs in the future. You’ll even be able to explore a 3D scan of a human brain to help you understand more about the condition.
CrashCourse has been made free to use but Arkansas is the first to adopt it on such a wide scale. We’ll be very interested to see if the program has an impact in the years.
.
 announced Crash Team Racing: Nitro-Fueled at 
. It’s a remake of the franchise’s original kart racing game. It’s coming out on June 21 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Switch. 2019 will also mark the original’s 20th anniversary.
The publisher has found success in modernizing the classic mascot games in the Crash Bandicoot and Spyro series from the PlayStation era. 
 launched in 2017 and sold over 2.5 million copies by September 2017. Spyro Reignited Trilogy came out this year on November 13.
Crash Team Racing first came for the original PlayStation in 1999. It was that system’s answer to Nintendo’s Mario Kart series, and it was one of the few other kart racing games to become a hit. It was also the last Crash game developed by the series creator, Naughty Dog.
Like the other remakes, this version of Crash Team Racing will play like the original but feature modern HD graphics. You can see a comparison between the old and new version below.
Above: Crash Team Racing: Nitro-Fueled comparison.
Kart racing games can still make a lot of money. 
 is one of the best-selling titles on the Switch.
 showed up at 
 to show off the 
 one last time in 2018. The developer revealed a new trailer that dives into the world and characters of the game. It also confirmed that players will get a chance to try the game before its February 22 release date.
While BioWare is planning a closed alpha test for December 8, the studio has no plans to open that up to a wider audience. Instead, it is planning a separate VIP demo for January 25 through January 27 for PC, PlayStation, and Xbox One. You can get into that early play session by preordering. If you’d rather wait for reviews and word-of-mouth, BioWare and EA will hold an open demo on February 1 through February 3.
Leading up to The Game Awards, 
 and other outlets on Anthem. This meeting focused on the lore of the world, and it left me with the impression that it will have as much backstory and as many proper nouns as any other BioWare game.
And the developer also reiterated that it’s dedicated to a bifurcated experience where you get a lot of those characters and lore on your own. BioWare calls this “my story,” and it is opposed to the “our world” half of the game. In “our world,” you share experiences with others.
So when you go into town or back to your base, you’ll be doing a lot to progress “my story.” And then when it’s time to group up with your fellow players, you’ll take on missions in “our world.”
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
You can always try to play on your own, but BioWare designed Anthem as a cooperative experience. It wants you to team up with other folks, and the studio says that’s when it’s at its best. At the same time, it says it will have “a rich ongoing story” to ensure your personal experience stays immersive and interesting.
And of course, if you don’t like Anthem, 
.
Phoenix Labs’ plans for 2019 are rather … dauntless … as we learned tonight at 
 in Los Angeles. The indie studio is bringing its 
, to the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One in April, with later moves to the Nintendo Switch and mobile platforms.
And it looks like Fortnite is going to have some cross-platform company on Sony’s console when it hits PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. Dauntless is already already on PC. It’s calling this “One Dauntless,” which will offer a single login on all platforms in which the online game — think a free-to-play take on Capcom’s phenomenal Monster Hunter series — appears.
“The current plan is to launch on both consoles simultaneously, along with Epic’s new platform, the Epic Games store. Our vision for One Dauntless, the cross-platform system that will enable you to take your Dauntless account with you wherever you go, is still evolving and growing in real time,” said Phoenix Labs cofounder and CEO Jesse Houston over email.
The studio also announced its Frostfall Holiday event, a Hunt Pass, and a new beast to hunt: the behemoth Valomyr.
Above: OK, who got the big idea to cross a giant pig with a porcupine?
, when the free-to-play multiplayer game had more than 2 million players. Houston says they’re closing in on 3 million players and might crest this mark before New Year’s Day. The April console launch date, he adds, enables Phoenix Labs to deal with any issues getting through certification while setting up a series of events leading up to Dauntless’s PS4 and Xbox One debuts.
“One Dauntless” will work on all platforms, and you’ll be able to carry over your character, progression, customization, and any items you’ve purchased on any device.
The Frostfall update launches today. As the name implies, the Shattered Isles (the setting for Dauntless) is in for a big chill. This also brings in a new behemoth (the beasts you hunt) — Valomyr. Phoenix Labs is also ushering in a $10 Hunt Pass, which offers a bevy of activities, challenges, items, emotes, and cosmetics.
We now know what 
: It’s The Outer Wilds, a sci-fi role-playing game for the PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One coming out in 2019. The studio made the announcement at tonight’s 
 in Los Angeles.
The Outer Worlds will be a single-player, first-person RPG. It’s the first sci-fi game for Obsidian Entertainment since 2004’s Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II — The Sith Lords, which garnered the studio critical praise despite a raft of bugs and cut material. 2010’s Fallout: New Vegas was the last time Obsidian made a game with a first-person viewpoint (though it’s better in the third-person viewpoint). It’s coming from the original creators of Fallout, and the 
 is working on this, too. It worked on Kerbal Space Program DLC.
In the trailer, we saw a man running. He’s talking to you through glass. It late pans out to show a frontier town at the edge of the galaxy — and crass commercialism. You’re settling this colony. The player character appears in a suit of space armor and with a space firearms, and it showed off a great deal of humor as well — with both the lines, art, and music. We then saw a cascade of clips of ships, monsters, and areas.
Microsoft acquired Obsidian Entertainment in November. 2018 has been a good year for Obsidian. 
, and I not only thought it was better than its predecessor, but it’s also my favorite game of the year so far.
Obsidian opened in 2003 shortly after Black Isle closed. Its first game was Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II. But its reputation has only increased in later years, as has the rep for its second release, 2006’s Neverwinter Nights 2.
2010 would bring the game that helped define Obsidian — Fallout: New Vegas. It’s considered the best of the post-Fallout 3 games, and some view it as the studio’s best release.
Obsidian became one of the first prominent game studios to use Kickstarter when it announced 
 (the eventual Pillars of Eternity) in 2012. This would get nearly 74,000 backers and almost $4 million in pledges, and it remains the fourth-largest game project on the crowdfunding site.
The studio would make a few games under publishing agreements — Pathfinder Adventures, 
, and 
 — before going back to crowdfunding in 2017 for Pillars of Eternity II, 
 (an equity platform where funders can get a return on their pledges).
Hello Games has No Man’s Sky in a good place, and now it’s showing off something new. At 
 tonight, the studio revealed that it is working on 
, which is a puzzle adventure that is due out for PC and other unannounced platforms at an unspecified future date.
Hello Games brought on the creative team responsible for the Lost Winds puzzle-platformers, and now those developers are overseeing this game at Hello.
“From Joe Danger to No Man’s Sky and now The Last Campfire, Hello Games has always made games that are vibrant, beautiful, interesting and different,” Hello chief Sean Murray said in a statement. “A while ago the creatives behind LostWinds joined us, and The Last Campfire is their baby. This is a big moment for them, and we’re excited to be able to share in it.”
The Last Campfire is a smaller experience than No Man’s Sky by design.
“We call it a Hello Games Short,” said Murray. “Like Pixar shorts it’s a way to foster creativity and new voices in the studio. We started by making Joe Danger, before No Man’s Sky, and we want to pay forward our success to give others the opportunity to do the same.”
BioWare gave us a deep dive into the sci-fi world of its online co-op shooter 
 tonight at The Game Awards in Los Angeles. The reveal is a big one for the division of Electronic Arts, as Anthem is EA’s first major new intellectual property in a decade.
In a separate press briefing, BioWare game director John Warner and lead game producer Mike Gamble described the backstory of a place called Anthem. There, the gods were at work creating a whole planet, but then stopped during the middle of it and abandoned their efforts.
“The game takes place in an unfinished world,” Warner said.
Above: The Colossus in Anthem.
The gods left tools there for planet creation, but they pretty much left Anthem as a messed-up place. Humanity has occupied outposts and cities on Anthem, but some of the guardians have to fly out in Javelin suits (big flying mechs) to explore and pacify the surrounding areas.
One of the outposts is Fort Tarsis, named after a general who used to be the leader. It is the home base for the player and a community of ragtag humans dubbed Freelancers. Fort Tarsis is a like a frontier town, and you can only leave its safety in an armored flying suit, Warner said.
When you leave the fort in groups of four, there are multiple kinds of suits you can wear. The Colossus is like a tank with heavy armor and weapons. Others are called Storm, Ranger, and Interceptor. You can customize those suits as you wish.
The world of Anthem has fallen on hard times, and a lot of those missions have to do with protecting settlers or scavenging, as there is no mass production in Fort Tarsis.
Above: Owen is a Cypher.
You’ll also run into a number of multicultural, multiracial characters as you perform missions, dubbed Tasks. Haluk, Faye and Owen are a class of support staff dubbed Cyphers. They are radio operators who keep you informed as you’re flying in your suit. Owen is happy go lucky, ambitious guy, Warner said.
Haluk’s motto is “The gears of this world are tuned for a quick death. Good thing i carry a wrench.” He’s a mechanic, and you have some history with Haluk going back in time. Over time, your relationship with him will evolve.
Above: Faye is one of the Cyphers in Anthem.
Faye’s motto is “The world is filled with mysteries. Chasing the solutions, that’s where the fun is.” She helps you navigate the dangers of the world while sitting in her Amplifier, which is a tech cockpit that lets her see data and tell you what’s happening.
Above: Brin is part of the Sentinels, the police in Anthem.
Then there are Sentinels, like Brin, who are the police force in Fort Tarsis. Brin can give you assignments like protecting people.
Above: Tassyn is a spy for Corbis in Anthem.
And there is Tassyn, who is part of Corbis, a spy agency that often comes up with assignments such as getting you to find a lost agent. They’re not working with you, as they have their own agenda and goals.
BioWare will let you lead the story. But Warner said that the developers will “set the table,” and make it interesting enough for you to keep coming back and feeling like it is your story.
Above: The Monitor leads the Dominion in Anthem.
If there’s an enemy faction, its the militaristic The Dominion, whose leader is The Monitor. The Dominion is a splinter group.
“They are an aggressive new faction,” Gamble said. “They have access to javelins too. They think the way to survival is peace through force and to keep people on a short leash in terms of freedom.”
The Monitor believes their work is for the sake of good, but they do a lot of bad things, Gamble said.
Studio Wildcard announced 
 during 
 today. It is a new multiplayer online game with a focus on ships and monsters.
Atlas is coming out on PC Early Access next week. It will be on Xbox One’s Game Preview program next week. It touts that it can have 40,000 players in a single world. You explore, build, and fight in it.
Studio Wildcard is the company behind 
, which has been a hit that has sold over 5.5 million copies. While Ark focuses on dinosaurs, Atlas has creatures based on mythology.
The Dread Wolf rises. BioWare teased Dragon Age 4 at 
 on Thursday night. It was just a quick tease without a logo or a name. Instead, the video features a short voice over from the character Solas, who said, “you must have a lot of questions.” The clip also ends with the hashtag #TheDreadWolfRises.
The 
 as the core BioWare team focuses on Anthem. Electronic Arts and BioWare did not provide a date, but you shouldn’t expect to play it anytime in the next two years.
BioWare did go a bit deeper 
, during tonight’s festivities, along with briefing the press earlier in the day on its upcoming online sci-fi co-op shooter.
, the indie action-role-playing game from 
, has debuted on the 
 and the Xbox One.
The game is one of three that are now available on Epic’s brand new online PC game store, which will only take a 12 percent cut instead of the traditional 30 percent. The launch was announced tonight at 
.
Annapurna Interactive revealed that, after a long development cycle, the action role-playing game is now available for players to purchase for $40. New Zealand-based studio A44 created Ashen, adding to Annapurna’s stable of indie titles such as Donut County, Florence, Gorogoa and What Remains of Edith Finch.
Above: Ashen
Ashen is a co-op adventure game about a wanderer in search of a place to call home. Annapurna said that, at its core, Ashen is about forging relationships, as players may cross paths with one another and choose to guide those they trust to their camp, encouraging them to rest at the fire and perhaps remain.
There is no sun and the natural light that exists comes from eruptions that cover the land in ash. This is a world where nothing lasts, no matter how tightly one clings to it.
Additionally, Outer Wilds, an open-world mystery about a solar system trapped in an endless time loop developed by Mobius Digital, has been announced for the Epic Games Store at launch, in addition to the previously announced Xbox One version, and will be coming soon.
New to the Annapurna Interactive portfolio, Journey, the acclaimed game by Thatgamecompany and originally released on PlayStation, will be coming to PC via the Epic Games Store platform in the near future.
Rounding out Annapurna Interactive’s announcements for the night, Donut County, a story-based physics puzzle game about a mysterious hole in the ground developed by Ben Esposito, will be coming to Xbox One on December 18.
Annapurna Interactive is a division of Annapurna Pictures, the production studio behind Zero Dark Thirty, Her and other films. It is headed by Megan Ellison, daughter of Oracle chief Larry Ellison.
Giant Squid, the makers of Abzû, showed off a new game called The Pathless at 
.
 when it debuted on the PlayStation 4 and Windows.
Last week, Abzû debuted on the Nintendo Switch eShop for $20. A ship sailing on foggy waters opened the trailer. It landed on a beach, and the art was quite beautiful, as I would expect from the makers of a beautiful underwater game.
A veiled archer started walking into the woods toward some kind of fiery monolith. She wore red and looked very Asian. An eagle accompanied her. She fired an arrow at a fiery monster. The eagle picked her up and they flew toward the monolith. Looks very intriguing.
Annapurna Interactive will publish the game “about an archer and an eagle on a mythic quest in a vast forest.”
Players take the role of the Hunter, a master of archery who travels to a mystical island to dispel a curse of darkness that grips the world.
Players will explore a beautiful open world packed with secrets and engage in epic battles against giant corrupted spirits that lurk in the woods. The story of companionship and adventure is set to release in 2019.
Wizards of the Coast announced a new Magic esports program, which is both an expansion and reorganization of the current pro Magic: The Gathering scene, at tonight’s 
. This shuffles a new challenger is shuffling in some magic into the esports arena, one that market research firm 
.
These Magic esports announcement integrate paper Magic tournaments with Arena, Wizards’ new digital collectible card game. They also bring a host of other additions and changes as well. Wizards is introducing the new Magic Pro League along with a $1 million tournament — the first of a new series of Mythic Championships — at PAX East next spring and a $10 million prize pool for 2019. The move is a significant step in the growth of the card-playing portion of the esports market. Wizards esports VP Elaine Chase made the announcement.
It also gives Hearthstone a major challenger. Blizzard Entertainment’s World of Warcraft-based game dominates the digital card circuit, but Magic has had a rich and storied pro scene, and it’s been streaming these events for years. It should make a splash when it hits an esports scene that market research firm Newzoo estimates should bring in $900 million this year.
“
Above: So, should I go pro?
One component of this new esports push is the Magic Pro League, which will feature 32 of the game’s top-ranked players. But this league won’t just pit skilled players against one another. They’ll have contracts worth $75,000, making the MPL one of the few esports leagues that do so (the 
). These contracts are 2019, though Cocks said that “w
Wizards of the Coast and Hasbro are paying for the contacts, Cocks said.
The news of player contracts could have a significant impact. Magic pro 
 
 for how he views Wizards of the Coast isn’t properly supporting the Pro Tour and its players. Some 
.
The Pro League will have weekly matchups, and players will use Arena’s recently added Direct Challenge feature to take each other on. The idea is to set up this esports venture more like an established sport, such as football, with a weekly cadence of matchups. These weeklies will happen on Twitch.tv.
“
Above: PAX
The reorganization also introduces a new premier events for pro Magic: Mythic Championships. These blend paper Magic with Arena, and they will feature Magic Pro League players taking on challengers from the community. The first is a $1 million invitational at PAX East in Boston, a celebration of all things gaming (be it tabletop, video, pen-and-paper RPG, or other forms) that kicks off March 28 and wraps up March 31. And you don’t even need paper Magic cards to qualify for these Mythic events.
Then idea of MPL players taking on challengers from the community brought Food Network’s 
 show to mind, in which the celebrity chef takes on skilled-but-often-lesser known challengers. It’s not quite like that, as Cocks said “
“
Cocks did say that Wizards will have “
Survived By is a new game from Human Head Studios. It was announced during 
 today, and it is out today in early access for free on 
.
Survived By has a retro look and is a top-down bullet hell roguelite. You can play alone of with friends. If you die, you continue playing as your character’s descendant. You can craft gear in this as well. It’s free-to-play with in-game transactions, and players can trade item using Bloodstones and Electrum. Human Head says that nothing needed for progression is locked behind a paywall.
Human Head last developed The Quiet Man along with Square Enix. That game came out on November 1.
Mortal Kombat 11 (that’s eleven, not the roman numeral for 2) is coming out on April 23 for PC, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and the Nintendo Switch. The announcement came during 
 today.
The debut trailer showed Scorpion and Raiden fighting a bloody and violent battle. The video also showed an emphasis on weapons. It played with the song “Immortal” from rapper 21 Savage.
NetherRealm Studios will have a reveal event for this new Mortal Kombat on January 17, and 
 This new Mortal Kombat will also have a what a release calls the “Custom Character Variation System.” You can use it to make custom versions of characters in the roster. The studio will also run a beta test in March.
The last entry in the fighting game series, 
, come out in 2015. Warner Bros. Interactive is the publisher.
NetherRealm also works on the DC fighting game series Injustice, with 
 having launched in 2017.
Mortal Kombat is one of fighting game’s longest-lived franchises, debuting in 1992 in arcades. It made a name for itself for hits bloody graphics.
 announced that 
 will come out on May 14 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC. The announcement came as part of a new trailer that debuted at 
 today.
Rage 2 is an open-world first-person shooter. Avalanche Studios, which just released Just Cause 4, is developing the game.
The first Rage came out in 2011. The sequel has a more over-the-top feel to it. You can watch the new trailer above.
The first Rage also featured a postapocalyptic world with lots of gunplay and driving, but it was maligned by some critics for its reliance on a dull, brown color palette. For Rage 2, it looks like Avalanche is going to punch up that world with bursts of color.
As much as Bitcoin and other coins have been 
, people are still confused about cryptocurrencies. One solution for this problem could be simple hands-on experience with cryptocurrencies which will ease people into crypto. More specifically, people need to get their hands on cryptos and start playing with them. Since people are afraid of putting their money into crypto, how about distributing crypto to people?
 is doing exactly this. They are embedding the distribution of crypto into a commercial activity that more than 220 million Americans participate in every year: online shopping! 70 percent of the U.S. population engages in ecommerce, with this group on track to 
. Coinseed’s new feature, Crypto Back, lets people to get their cashbacks from online shopping in crypto. This way, people can “earn” crypto rather than buying them and this will allow users to ease into crypto and start learning about them.
Coinseed app is currently offering cashbacks on popular brands such as Uber, Amazon, Ebay, Walmart, Microsoft, Panasonic, and many more. You can simply use the Coinseed app to make purchases and you’ll receive your cashbacks in crypto. Currently you can receive your rewards in any or a combination of 13 major coins that are on the platform. The cashback amount ranges from 1- 8 percent of the purchase amount. This rate is also getting better over time.
On top of the educational aspect, getting your cashbacks in crypto would also allow you to benefit from crypto price increases. If you think the price will go up, you can keep your cashbacks in crypto on the Coinseed app. If you think otherwise, you can also simply withdraw your rewards in U.S. dollars. Either way, this is a fun and easy way to earn crypto and start playing with this new innovation.
Coinseed is also doing a crowdfunding campaign and 
.
, and it got a new trailer at 
 on Thursday night. The two-minute clip establishes the platformers’ story and world that players will get a chance to explore when the game finally releases.
Developer Double Fine Productions first debuted Psychonauts 2 at The Game Awards in 2015. That preceded the game’s crowdfunding campaign on the Fig platform, which enables the public to invest and earn a return on gaming projects.
Psychonauts 2 is a sequel to the 2005 Psychonauts platformer for PC, Xbox, and PlayStation 2. Like the followup, it stars psychic warrior Raz, who must traverse the mental landscapes of a series of characters.
Next-gen pharmacy 
 has raised $50 million in a series C round of funding from Greenoaks Capital, Zola Capital, and Jackson Square Ventures.
Founded in 2015 after acquiring AG Pharmacy, a brick-and-mortar pharmacy which served San Francisco for more than 30 years, Alto Pharmacy is one of a number of online pharmacies to offer same-day prescription deliveries, in addition to related services such as medication management apps.
The company was originally called ScriptDash, but it 
 its $23 million series B round and expansion into Los Angeles.
With another $50 million in the bank, Alto said that it plans to double down on its U.S. expansion efforts, which will see it grow beyond San Francisco and Southern California. This will also include a new mail-order service for patients living outside busy cities.
Additionally, the startup also plans to branch out into “new products for chronic and complex therapeutic areas,” according to a statement issued today.
Above: Alto Pharmacy delivery
“In the past three years, we’ve proven that Alto’s model works for doctors and patients alike, reducing administration time for physicians while improving drug adherence rates for patients,” noted Alto cofounder and CEO Matt Gamache-Asselin. “Alto can cover the same geography as 400 chain pharmacy locations without the brick and mortar. This capital will allow Alto to reach more patients across the country and fill additional gaps in today’s pharmacy experience.”
This latest raise comes hot on the heels of the 
 New York-based Capsule, which offers a similar service to that of Alto. Shortly before that, Amazon revealed its intentions in the online health care realm when it 
 for a reported $1 billion.
Intranet platform 
 today announced a $7.5 million round to expand its software that helps mid-sized to large companies create modern intranet websites and boost employee productivity.
Customers include the Boston Red Sox, Whole Foods Markets, GlaxoSmithKline, Metlife, and the U.S. Department of Defense, the company said.
Rather than providing users with a basic set of links and resources to do their jobs, Akumina’s intranet platform offers personalized experiences based on title, duties, and habits.
With Akumina, managers can assign tasks, handle budgetary matters, check their work schedule, and integrate with popular cloud and enterprise software services, like 
.
The funding will be used to grow several divisions of the company, from engineering to sales and marketing and research and development, Akumina president and CRO David Maffei told VentureBeat in a phone interview.
Akumina is designed to make sense of the modern workplace, which tends to provide outdated intranet pages and scatter tools across a series of SaaS enterprise software, Maffei said.
“For most employees in medium and large enterprises around the world, you sort of show up to work and they give you a three-year- old laptop and an email address and tell you to go be productive and successful at your job,” Maffei said. “They’re probably using a Workday or PeopleSoft for their HR system. And then they’re using maybe Salesforce.com as their CRM system, and then they’re using Incur or something like that for time and expense. And so what the Akumina platform does is it allows enterprises to create a simple pane of glass entry point to all of this data and all this digital intelligence in one single swoop, either on a desktop or on a native mobile app.”
The $7.5 million funding round was led by Richard Berthy and RJB Investments, with participation from Avanade, through Accenture Ventures and Stage 1 Ventures. Berthy will chair the board at Akumina.
Both Stage One and Avanade, a professional IT services company focused on the Microsoft stack, are strategic investors.
Akumina currently has 100 employees. The company is based in Nashua, New Hampshire and has additional offices in Columbus, Ohio and Bellevue, Washington.
The internet of things (IoT) ecosystem is larger than ever before, and growing at a dizzying pace. To put things in perspective, the number of connected devices stands at roughly 7 billion today and is expected to hit nearly 20 billion by 2020.
Those billions of devices produce a firehose of useful data — think smart air conditioners that notify repair teams when they’re about to fail and datacenter climate control systems that perform self-diagnostics — but given the sheer volume, teams tasked with monitoring the data are liable to miss something. That’s why 
 is today debuting IoT Insights, a new add-on in Lightning — its component-based, no-code framework for app development within Field Service Lightning, a mobile app and communications service that helps facilitate, manage, and track IoT device maintenance and repairs.
Starting this week, customers can see IoT signals directly within Saleforce’s Service Cloud and Field Service Lightning mobile app consoles, alongside customer relationship management data. The newly unified flow surfaces critical alerts, like imminent device failures and historical service information, and enables technicians and mobile workers to learn which devices require servicing or fixing before they arrive at the job site. Additionally, it lets them create rules and guided processes to trigger case creation and work orders automatically, as key IoT signals come in.
Above: Automatically creating a case.
“With the Field Service Lightning Mobile app, technicians are armed with everything they need — device data, customer data, and the right documentation — to fix the machine onsite and ensure it has been repaired properly before they leave,” Paolo Bergamo, senior vice president and general manager of Salesforce Field Service Lightning, wrote in a blog post. “[And] businesses can set rules to automatically trigger the creation of a case and deploy a field agent the moment a device begins malfunctioning, [empowering] teams to focus less on administrative work and more on higher value projects, such as actually solving the root of the customer’s problem.”
One Salesforce customer — Samson Rope — has been piloting IoT Insights for Field Service Lightning ahead of the broader launch.
“At Samson Rope, we have over 8,000 lines of rope in use that each last around 8-10 years, and we service them throughout the life of the product,” said Dean Haverstraw, director of IT at Samson Rope. “These post-purchase services are a large part of our business, and we chose Field Service Lightning to manage all of those lines and provide customers with tools to monitor rope health, manage compliance requirements, and more. We’re now piloting high-tech rope threading that — when connected to Field Service Lightning via Salesforce IoT — will help customers monitor rope conditions and know when it needs to be replaced.”
Field Service Lightning, which competes with IoT management solutions like GE’s ServiceMax, has been Salesforce’s fastest-growing offering through its first three years, according to 
. It’s reportedly on track to surpass $100 million in annual revenue this year.
Call center phone fraud is responsible for an estimated $14 billion in losses annually, and it’s on the rise. The frequency of attacks rose by an estimated 113 percent in 2018, which is bad news for brands — according to a recent survey, a full 41 percent of customers affected by fraud blame the company rather than the attacker.
That’s where 
 comes in. The seven-year-old Atlanta, Georgia-based startup provides a suite of multifactor anti-fraud and authentication software for call centers, and it has impressed a lengthy and growing list of investors. Today Pindrop announced a $90 million Series D funding round led by Vitruvian Partners, with participation from Allegion Ventures, Cross Creek, Dimension Data, EDBI, Goldman Sachs, and existing investors CapitalG, IVP, Andreessen Horowitz, GV (formerly Google Ventures), and Citi Ventures.
The latest round follows an $11 million Series A raise in 2013 that allowed Pindrop to expand its engineering, operations, and sales teams in Canada and Europe, and $35 million and $75 million Series B and Series C funding rounds, respectively. To date, Pindrop has attracted $212 million in investments.
It’s not for nothing. According to Pindrop, revenue is up 137 percent over the last three years, and net revenue retention with existing customers has risen 118 percent. It currently counts eight of the 10 largest banks in the U.S. among its clientele and says it has helped protect over 200 million consumer accounts and saved over $350 million in voice-based fraud and attacks this year alone.
Cofounder and CEO Vijay Balasubramaniyan said the Series D capital will be used to “boost … advancements” in Pindrop’s consumer internet of things and voice technology and to strengthen its presence in Europe and Asia. It’s projecting triple-digit growth in EMEA bookings in 2019.
“Our broad range of investors collectively view Pindrop as the established industry leader for securing the future of voice as it moves beyond the voice channel and toward voice-enabled devices,” he said.
Balasubramaniyan conceived of Pindrop in 2010 while traveling abroad in India when he attempted to order a new suit from a local tailor. His bank flagged the international transaction as suspicious and tried to call him to verify the purchase, but couldn’t prove his identity over the phone.
In 2011, after earning his PhD at the Georgia Institute of Technology with a dissertation on analyzing the traits of phone calls to determine their unique characteristics — a technique he dubbed “phoneprinting” — he met with local entrepreneur Paul Judge. The two founded Pindrop with Mustaque Ahamad, Balasubramaniyan’s former academic advisor.
“Voice-based systems, both phone and IoT based, have traditionally been vulnerable to a range of security threats and fraud because of a lack of robust identity and security technology,” Judge said. “At Pindrop, we are bringing trust and security into voice-based interactions to enable the evolution of voice as the next computer interface.”
Pindrop claims its patented Pindrop Protect technology, which runs in the background of calls and takes into account factors such as location, behavior, device type, audio, voice, and time of day to confirm caller identity, can reduce fraud loss exposure by up to $500,000 for every 1 million calls. By scoring each call based on AI-driven anomaly detection and using voice printing to correlate matches with what Pindrop claims is one of the world’s largest audio databases of fraudulent calls, the company contends it’s able to lower handle times by up to 60 seconds.
Pindrop and Verizon Enterprise Solutions last month jointly announced the Verizon VoIP Inbound Anti-Fraud and Authentication service, which integrates voice and multifactor authentications for enterprise call centers. And thanks to the new capital, Balasubramaniyan said the company is poised to bring its voice authentication to voice-assisted smart devices ranging from Google Home and Amazon’s Echo lineup to smart locks and connected cars.
“Voice-enabled interfaces are expanding how consumers interact with IoT devices in their everyday lives, as well as IoT manufacturers’ ability to offer smarter and stronger solutions,” said Allegion Ventures president Rob Martens. “We’re excited about the future of voice technology and see Pindrop as a pioneer in the space. We look forward to working with Vijay and his team to accelerate the adoption of voice technology into new markets.”
TEL AVIV, Israel–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 5, 2018–
      There is a lot of hype surrounding retail at the moment; the age-old       battle between brick and mortar and eCommerce, and the endless attempt       to connect the two into one cohesive experience has led to a lot of       exciting innovation.    
      It is clear that some of this innovation is here to stay, such as free       shipping for eCommerce which has quickly become the industry standard.       However, some of these technologies are bound to be a passing fad,       destined to lose their shiny appeal after a short time.    
      So, how do retailers distinguish the solutions that will mark them as       innovators in their field from those that will prove fruitless after       months of wasted resources?    
      Gartner, the global research and advisory firm, provides insights,       advice, and tools for leaders in IT, Finance, HR, Customer Service and       Support, Legal and Compliance, Marketing, Sales, and Supply Chain       functions across the world. Gartner Hype Cycles provide a graphic       representation of the maturity and adoption of technologies and       applications, and how they are potentially relevant to solving real       business problems and exploiting new opportunities.    
      In 2018, Gartner included Syte.ai, the leading visual search provider,       in 3 of its Hype Cycle reports including Hype Cycle for Retail       Technologies, Hype Cycle for Machine Learning and Data Science, 2018,       and Hype Cycle for Customer Experience Analytics, 2018.    
      Gartner Hype Cycle methodology gives you a view of how a technology or       application will evolve over time, providing a sound source of insight       to manage its deployment within the context of your specific business       goals. Hype Cycles help you separate hype from the real drivers of a       technology’s commercial promise, reduce the risk of your technology       investment decisions, and compare your understanding of a technology’s       business value with the objectivity of experienced IT analysts.    
      In Gartner’s Hype Cycle for Retail Technologies Gartner included Syte.ai       as a Sample Vendor for visual search, and in Gartner’s “Cool Vendors in       AI for Retail” where Syte.ai was selected as a Cool Vendor in 2018.    
      Before selecting a tech provider, it is important to feel secure in the       long-term value of the solution itself. On visual search, Gartner       states, “Application of visual search will improve digital shopping       capabilities by enabling more targeted searches that yield accurate       results. Visual search enabled by AI will be an important factor in       supporting future customer shopping processes.”    
      Syte.ai was cited in Gartner’s Hype Cycle for Data Science and Machine       Learning, 2018 as well as the Hype Cycle for Customer Experience       Analytics, 2018 for their video and image analytics. Gartner rated the       benefit of video and image analytics as “high, bordering on       transformational.”*    
      When searching for innovative solutions, it is crucial for leaders and       decision makers to have the information that allows them to make       informed decisions.    
      
    
      
    
      About Syte:    
      Syte is a visual AI technology provider that improves retailer’s site       navigation, product discovery and user experience by powering solutions       that engage and convert shoppers. With Syte, retailers can leverage       shoppers’ inspiration and existing product interest to ensure they       present the right products at the right time.    
      Partnerships with technology innovators such as Microsoft, SAP, Naver       and Oracle have establish Syte as a leader in the market. Powering the       visual search within Samsung and other leading phone manufacturers       allows Syte to increase the reach of their retail clients. Brands       currently using Syte’s technology include Farfetch, Marks & Spencer and       boohoo.    
      Syte has experience rapid growth since its founding in 2014 and product       launch in late 2017. They are represented by their headquarters in Tel       Aviv as well as offices in London and Geneva. The company has raised $8       million to date from investors including NHN Ventures, Magma, Naver       Corporation, Line Corporation, Reimage Ventures, North Base Media and       KDC Ventures.    
      Eliana Atia
    
Berlin-based 
 today announced it has $33.5 million in venture capital as it continues to expand its technology design to modernize content management.
Founded in 2013, the company is trying to address the tangled thicket of legacy CMS products that have evolved slowly over the years — and have given developers fits. Rather than a single interface that focuses primarily on one platform, Contentful has developed an API-based system that centralizes all content management and allows it to be optimized and distributed to any platform.
“What I find so interesting is this big change in the market,” said Contentful CEO and cofounder Sascha Konietzke. “We’re really seeing the end of this older content management system.”
This latest round was led by Sapphire Ventures and includes backing from Omers Ventures, Salesforce Ventures, and former investors General Catalyst, Benchmark, Balderton, and Hercules. The company has 
.
Contentful’s customers include not just media companies, but any large corporation that produces a wealth of online content. Larger companies in particular often face a daunting choice between building their own CMS from scratch or using an off-the-shelf CMS that has to be massively customized.
Konietzke said that having a centralized system means the content management process can continually be updated without concern that older content will get trapped in previous versions or CMS silos that may not be compatible.
“With the existing content management systems, the content is really locked into these systems,” he said.
The company’s central hub allows clients to edit and manage content and then send it directly to any type of interface or gadget, enabling companies to design and deploy new channels and content even faster, he said.
Konietzke said the company will use the new funding to continue developing the product while seeking partnerships with other companies that are disrupting aspects of the CMS process. Contentful currently has 205 employees, including 40 in San Francisco.
Alphabet’s self-driving car unit Waymo today took a 
 launching its first public self-driving taxi service.
Waymo has been 
 in Phoenix for a while already, but today the company officially lifted the lid on its first 
 service that riders can actually pay for.
Waymo One, as the service is called, will work much like Uber and other popular ride-hailing apps. After Waymo One gives you a price estimate based on your starting and end points, you can beckon a car that will transport you from A to B.
However, Waymo One isn’t yet available for everyone. Initially, only riders who were involved in the early stages of the trial program will have access, though plans are afoot to extend the service to more people in the future.
Those already accepted into the program will be able to bring along two adults and a child.
Above: Waymo One app
Google first started testing autonomous cars on San Francisco roads as part of a stealth project in 2009. The unit 
 and spun out as an Alphabet subsidiary led by John Krafcik, former president and CEO of Hyundai North America.
Waymo recently 
 on public roads after doubling the number of miles in just eight months.
Waymo One cars will be available round the clock in the Metro Phoenix area. It is worth noting that although the cars are fully self-driving, a human “driver” will be present at first. Waymo isn’t really pitching these as “safety” drivers, since it doesn’t anticipate their having to take control — it’s more about peace of mind for people apprehensive about stepping inside a driverless vehicle.
The company explained: “Waymo-trained drivers will be riding along to supervise our vehicles for riders’ comfort and convenience.”
Similar to Uber and other ride-hailing services, you will also be able to request support from within the app and review the ride afterwards.
Above: Waymo One: Review your ride
A 
 autonomous 
 over 
. However, the launch of a fully commercial service in the U.S. by Waymo — one of the autonomous vehicle sector’s leading players — represents a notable milestone for the fledgling industry.
As the first mobile 5G cellular networks roll out over the next six months, hotspots — sometimes called “pucks” — will be the first portable consumer devices with 5G connectivity, streaming high-speed cellular data over Wi-Fi to nearby computers. And now that three of those hotspots have officially been revealed, the trend is clear: They’re going to be noticeably bigger than the latest and greatest 4G hotspots, at least during 5G’s earliest days.
Having been teased but not shown earlier in the year, HTC’s 5G Hub and Inseego’s MiFi 5G have both become official with photos and early physical samples. Previously 
 without imagery, HTC’s device was 
 by Australian carrier Telstra, which showed a black-bezeled device halfway between a large smartphone and small tablet in size.
On a positive note, HTC’s 5G Hub is equipped with an atypically large screen for a personal hotspot, which the demo device used to separately measure 5G, Wi-Fi, and connected device status. Assuming this unit is functionally identical to what Sprint teased, it will go beyond traditional hotspots by including multimedia capabilities and might well use its own display to perform video content. This would enable HTC and its partners to justify the 5G Hub’s unusual size.
Inseego also 
 its MiFi 5G, which — like HTC’s hotspot — is powered by Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 855 chipset and Snapdragon X50 5G modem. Interestingly, Inseego specifically noted that the new MiFi will include Wi-Fi 6 (802.11ax) to connect to wireless clients, such as tablets and computers, enabling new devices to make optimal use of 5G bandwidth and latency.
But HTC’s and Inseego’s approaches differ substantially in form factor. Compared with the company’s latest 4G version of MiFi (above left), which is only a little larger than a standard bar of soap, the 5G model is considerably bigger. The comparison image above shows their relative volumes, assuming that their screens are the same size — 2.4 inches on the diagonal, much smaller and probably less capable than HTC’s. On the other hand, even the 5G MiFi could fit into a (large) pants pocket, while HTC’s 5G Hub probably won’t.
This isn’t a huge surprise, since AT&T revealed in late October that its first 5G device, 
, would be closer to a tablet than a “puck” in size. With only weeks left before AT&T’s latest “end of 2018” launch date for 5G, the Netgear device still doesn’t have a price tag or official release date. And the jury’s still out on whether anyone will be willing to carry around such a large hotspot to get 5G speeds in a limited number of locations.
If you’re curious why these devices are all on the large side, the answer is very straightforward: Qualcomm and its rivals are still working on miniaturizing 5G antennas and reducing the thermal output and power consumption of their 5G modems. While a lot of progress has been made in 2018, the latest innovations suggest that this is going to be a multi-step process with several size and performance improvements taking place over the first two years of 5G.
In the meantime, Inseego isn’t waiting on either 5G chip technology or 5G networks to offer faster speeds. The pocket-sized MiFi 8800L is available right now with international gigabit LTE capabilities, assuming that you’re near 4G towers with the ability to deliver that level of performance. If you’re still interested in investing in 4G devices ahead of 5G’s wide rollout, Verizon’s 
 for $200 off-contract right now. HTC’s and Inseego’s 5G hubs are expected to be released in 2019.
      
    
  
SAN FRANCISCO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 5, 2018–
      Womply, the leader in front office software for small- and medium-sized       businesses (SMBs), today announced the appointment of Brad Paterson as       the company’s first chief operating officer (COO). He will oversee all       customer-facing business operations, including sales, marketing, growth,       customer success, brand, and external communications.    
      “Brad helped build QuickBooks Online into the most popular small       business software solution in the world, so he’s already seen the scale       of business we’re going to build at Womply,” says Womply founder 
. “Brad’s experience in driving growth at Intuit, in       addition to his deep background in payments, makes for an ideal fit.       We’re thrilled to add him to our already stellar executive team as we       position Womply as the software system of record for small businesses.”    
      Paterson has more than two decades of experience scaling customer-facing       operations such as sales, marketing, and customer success at large and       small organizations. Most recently, Paterson was a vice president at       Intuit, where he led go-to-market operations for QuickBooks Online. He       helped scale QuickBooks Online to more than 3 million users, with 1,500       new small business customers added every day.    
      Prior to Intuit, Paterson spent a decade serving in executive roles at       PayPal and Visa, where he led merchant services, consumer products, and       new ventures. He also co-founded a digital commerce and payments       consulting company and has served as a board member and strategic       advisor to various startups.    
      Paterson joins Womply at a time of rapid growth. In the past few years,       the company has acquired more than 
, partnered with more than 
, and grown to more than 
 in San Francisco and Lehi, Utah. In July, Womply 
, formerly of HotelTonight and StubHub, as the       company’s first chief financial officer (CFO).    
      “Throughout my career, I’ve been obsessed with leveling the playing       field for small business, which is why I’m excited to join Womply,” says       Paterson. “No company is better positioned than Womply to serve tens of       millions of small businesses in critical and unique ways and take the       lead in the massive small business front office software market. I’m       excited to help this company reach its tremendous potential.”    
      Paterson is a graduate of the University of Newcastle in New South       Wales, Australia, where earned a bachelor’s degree in commerce, with a       major in marketing.    
      
    
      Womply’s mission is to help small businesses thrive in a digital world.       Our AI-powered data platform enhances our comprehensive small business       management software, which includes the world’s only pre-populated CRM       plus small business intelligence, reputation management, marketing       automation, and integrated payments. Every day, we serve more than 
 across 400+ verticals, in every corner of America.       To learn more, visit 
       or email 
.    
      Dallin Hatch
Sr. Manager, Communications
Womply
    
Fortnite is letting players create their own islands 
, debuting on December 13. 
, developer Epic Games announced that it is launching The Block, which is a space on the battle royale map that will highlight those creations.
Donald Mustard of Epic Games announced, “The Block is a new space where we feature the best and coolest content created by you, and bring it into the battle royale map for everyone to see.”
Above: The Block
Players are creating islands by the millions already, and the map is getting crowded. Mustard said, “We are clearing out space.”
Mustard also accepted the award for Fortnite for Best Ongoing Game.
“It feels like we are on the cusp, as an industry, of amazing new experiences,” he said. “It feels like we are on one big team, and I’m so grateful for it.”
 revealed a new downloadable character that is coming to 
. It is Joker from 
. The announcement came during 
 today.
Super Smash Bros. Ultimate is launching on December 7. The game starts with a giant roster of 74 fighters. That will bump up to 75 when Piranha Plant launches in February. He will be free to anyone who buys the game before the end of January. After that, Ultimate is getting five paid DLC characters.
. Adding more characters post-release can help people hold their interest in the fighting game while giving Nintendo a way to monetize Ultimate past its launch.
Persona 5 is a Japanese role-playing game that launched in 2017 for PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 3 (not on any Nintendo system). Super Smash Bros. Ultimate will also get a Persona 5 stage as part of the DLC pack that includes the new character.
Super Smash Bros. Ultimate is still getting at least four more DLC characters. Few would have predicted Joker was coming. Now guesses for the rest of the roster can get even wilder.
In Persona 5, Joker is the alias of the player character. By day he’s a normal Japanese high school student. But he can also access an alternate version of the world called the Metaverse. In there, he can infiltrate the psyche of corrupted souls and steal their hearts. And as the name of the series implies, he can summon Personas, which are powerful demon-like creatures. Joker uses swords and guns, so we can expect to see that arsenal show up in Ultimate.
Pulling off a major upset, Sony’s 
 took the big prize for 
.
The award was well-deserved, but it was a surprise nevertheless because God of War came out early in 2018, and it was easy to forget about as big titles like 
 and 
 came out later in the year and were fresh in the minds of voters.
Above: God of War wins GOTY
“Every single game that was nominated up here was an absolute frickin’ masterpiece,” said Cory Barlog, designer of the game. Barlog is famous in part for tearing up on a live video stream when he saw the first critical reaction to the game.
Above: God of War wins!
Red Dead Redemption 2 from Rockstar Games took several awards, but it appeared to lose momentum when Sony’s God of War won for best game direction as well.
God of War was not my favorite title of the year, as I’ll note in a future column. But I won’t begrudge it this victory, as I thought it was a brilliant reboot of a beloved series. The story of Kratos, the God of War, and his son Atreus is so touching. It transformed the game from a hack-‘n’-slash title to a narrative about a father and son, and that made all the difference.
Rob Nelson has spent 15 years at 
, working on games such as The Warriors, the Grand Theft Auto series, and both Red Dead Redemption and 
. For the past 3.5 years, he has been co-head of the Rockstar studio in Edinburgh, Scotland.
But he’s really been living in the Wild West for the better part of a decade.
Nelson is one of the people who brought us Red Dead Redemption 2, one of the most ambitious story-driven open world games ever made. Red Dead Redemption 2 was in development for eight years. More than 2,000 artists, designers, writers, programmers, and others contributed to it. Analysts believe it could hit 
 by the end of December, a level of sales that would make it an enduring hit. Only a handful of games like this will ever get made, in my assessment. It set a new bar that everyone else will have to deal with.
I played all its 105 missions, taking more than 50 hours, and I have spent some time in the recently launched 
. The world is incredibly immersive. After all that, I had some questions for Rockstar, and I interviewed Nelson for a good chunk of time.
We didn’t talk about 
, as Rockstar has addressed this elsewhere, and I tried to avoid spoilers in our discussions. So we avoided being specific about the ending and how things turn out for memorable characters like Arthur Morgan, who is the enforcer of the Dutch Van der Linde gang and the story’s main character.
Above: The frontier in Red Dead Redemption II.
Nelson has heard a lot of complaints about the design, such as the long horse rides to get to missions, 
 and the length of the story. I also remember how alive the game felt when I went off script, like when I 
. This was his chance to explain why Rockstar made some very big decisions in the story, the characters, the open world, and the overall design of the game.
Among the gems from our conversation: Rockstar once cast Red Dead Redemption 2’s main design as a procedural world (one that the game’s software generates), with stories driven by the open world and emergent behavior. But the company trashed it because it just didn’t work.
Here’s an edited transcript of our interview.
 I’ve been at Rockstar for quite a long time, since 2003. I started at the Toronto studio and worked there for about five years as a producer on the games we worked on at that studio. Then I moved to New York and worked as an art director, as well as a producer capacity on all the games we put out up until 2015, like the last Red Dead and Grand Theft Auto V. In 2016 I moved over to Scotland full-time and I’ve been working out of the Edinburgh office. I was a producer on Red Dead 2.
 Yes, but not directly, not every day. I’ve been here all along, but early on, I was focused on finishing some other things. I’ve been on Red Dead 2 full-time for three-and-a-half-to-four years. That’s the way we work. We roll on-and-off projects as necessary.
 Absolutely. A big challenge for us, and a big part of my job, is to help guide something that’s made by thousands of people over several years and make it seem like it’s made by one hand, or one voice. With Red Dead 2, we had an interesting internal challenge. With our followup to Grand Theft Auto V — this was all the same people who worked on that, with the same goals — we had to follow that properly and have it be an evolution of that game. But it was also the sequel to a game that resonated with people who liked it in the last Red Dead.
For me, I did something that I’d never had to do before. With the GTA games, they’re installments — they’re not direct sequels. They’re new stories every time. But Red Dead 2 was a direct prequel that related back to the last game. In my office we had the last development build of the last Red Dead up, and we had it right beside where we were developing the new one. It’s a weird thing, because a lot of the time, we don’t play the games we make much after they come out. But we were conscious of how the last Red Dead existed in people’s minds. People look back on games that they love with those rose-tinted spectacles.
We made the decision, at least the group that I worked with, to delve into the old game again and try to discern what the essence of it was, the feeling of it. The feeling that people came away with, I think, was the feeling of being able to exist in a wilderness and to survive. To just be. That was the thing that ultimately — along with the story and the tone of the game — that resonated with people. It was the sensation of being in a world that’s disappeared, an America that’s gone.
When we looked at it, it was quite limited. You could kill everything and “skin” it, but all you did with those things was sell them. Then there were some limited things you could do with the money. But the feeling of being able to do that stuff was what was there. We took those ideas and ensured that, even though now we’ve decided to tell the story of being in this game, and living and working in this game, we still wanted you to be able to go out and exist in the wilderness, to be alone, to have space, to survive off the land. Hunting and crafting and camping and exploring, all of those things, were things we needed to take to a new level, because they felt like they were there before. We wanted to really make sure they were there this time.
Above: Dutch Van der Linde (left) treats Arthur Morgan like a son.
 That sort of stuff was all about the pace of the game, and the world that we wanted to create, a world that you traverse on foot or horseback. We wanted things to mean something. We said this while we were developing the game. Some of the ideas we wanted to explore were somewhat risky, because it’s interesting to change things that nobody’s asked you to change, or that nobody expects you to change. Taking something like your loadout, with the weapons on your character, and saying nope, you’re going to have the guns you have.
That wasn’t a thing that was broken in the last game. It was slightly different from the way we approached GTA, where it’s an invisible inventory. In the last Red Dead, you had a rifle on your back and a pistol in your holster, but that represented all of your weapons. We wanted to increase the bond you had with your horse, and one of the ways — we didn’t want to make it super-annoying — but if you leave your camp, you only have these guns. We could make the horse your “magic” inventory, and that would make you want to keep that horse around. That would make you think about what you want to take with you.
Leaving that stuff — then that creates a problem with your magic horse, that’s going to come from any distance no matter what. The horse couldn’t perish. The horse couldn’t get lost. If you lost it, it was slightly annoying. We had the same ideas for skinning animals. We didn’t want to cut the camera into a three-second scene. We wanted to keep that all in the camera, in the world, in the situation. Any time we would cut it to do a little scene like that, I feel like it kind of knocks you out of the experience a little bit. It reminds you that you’re not this person in the world.
We wanted to explore these ideas, but not take them too far. You don’t want to wait too long to watch this sequence of an animal being skinned. We wanted to reduce that time as much as we could while still making it feel “realistic.” Once you get that vibe or that tone you’re shooting for, when you say, “Oh, it feels cool to do that, to skin that rabbit or skin that deer,” everything else in the world needs to live up to that. Or it’s going to be jarring and feel out of place.
 That’s something we’re always evolving from game to game. The last Red Dead, we were really trying to get away from the fade to black between gameplay and cutscenes. We still had intro title cards for the missions in the last Red Dead, but we’d walk out of the cutscene and cut right to the player walking away. That was the first time we were able to do that, blending cutscenes and missions. We took that much further with Max Payne and then even further with GTA V. Hopefully, Red Dead 2 took it as far as we’ve ever taken it.
We just keep blurring the lines between what’s a cinematic, what’s a mission, what’s a cutscene, what’s gameplay, what is and isn’t interactive. We want to do that as much as possible. Those are the barriers where, when you recognize the convention, you remember that you’re playing a game.
Above: Arthur Morgan strikes out on his own in a lot of missions in Red Dead Redemption 2.
 [
] That’s not quite the way it works.
Nobody starts out thinking they’ll work for eight years. We just kind of go. Once you hit this tipping point in development, where you have a world and you have a narrative that you roughly think are going to work, and then you have the elements, the mechanics, the things that are going to support the narrative — the game tells you what it needs and what it doesn’t need, what’s superfluous and what’s not.
Once the team was full steam, really rolling and making the thing–I guess there were things we could have cut to save a bit of time. But really, for the whole thing to feel resolved as a whole piece of work, it needed everything that we put in it. You just have to finish it.
 That’s definitely true, but that was a decision that was undertaken from the start. We had a number of reasons. We wanted to make it feel different from the last game. We didn’t want to do another game about just another lone outlaw making their way through the world. We wanted to make a game that felt undeniably Red Dead, but with a totally different set of parameters. Hopefully, people feel we succeeded. It just wouldn’t have been interesting without that.
We loved the idea of Michael and the family needing to get by, and that these characters — not only Michael, but this family that you’d see — they also existed outside of these missions. Again, to serve the purpose of blurring that line between the narrative and the open world. The world is the story, the story and everything else.
By committing to the camp and the big gang — it was hard. But we were able to take all the exposition and extra story stuff about these people and their relationships, if you want to stop and engage with it. And if you don’t you can walk past it and you don’t have to engage. Everyone is going to want to hear something about it and feel more invested — hopefully — in these characters because they’re hearing stuff that they weren’t paying attention to a minute ago. That’s a really interesting and exciting ability that games have and other mediums don’t: that optional, additional narrative that you can choose to engage with or skip over.
Above: The environs of Red Dead Redemption 2.
 I think all of us feel like we want to approach any situation, anything, in any way we want and have it be credible. But that’s a big, big challenge. To do that and have it feel — it’s a big world and a big story, and I think it needed to be a big world and a big story for what we set out to do. But yes, we explored a lot of different avenues early in development, like more procedural approaches to things. Hey, it’d be great if this camp could totally grow and you could hire people from towns and come back and add to your camp. We explored, at one point, if you could take anybody fishing that you wanted at any time.
But what that ended up doing was a very procedural-feeling game. You’d write a bit of dialogue, beta a bit of dialogue, and go and make these AI-type behaviors. It didn’t feel like you’re on a thing with Pearson and Bill, or you’re on a thing with Javier and John. It felt like you were on a thing with AI that just looked like those people, but they didn’t behave like those people.
Unfortunately there’s no procedural system yet that we’re happy enough with to make the worlds we make. Our worlds are handmade. Our artists will use certain procedural tools, but they’re all curated by the artists. It’s the same for the content we make. For it to make you feel anything, it has to be made by humans. It has to be written and designs and shot and acted and processed and put into place very carefully. For things that happen in the world, we have to very selectively know when they’re going to happen.
It would be great if this was all open, but people have to make this stuff happen at some point. It has to be scripted so that it all feels right. I don’t think there are procedural tools that will make it feel real.
 That’s very nice to hear. I’m with you on that. We want as much freedom and openness in our games as possible. That’s the thing that drives us. But it’s a double-edged sword where you’re trying to make something where it feels like people are invested in the characters and situations. You have to pace these things. We always have to balance choice and agency and narrative and investment. It’s a great problem to have and it’s great stuff to explore. We have the same conversations internally when we’re making this stuff. But we still have to make it.
(
) — Amazon.com is looking at bringing its futuristic checkout-free store format to airports in an effort to win business from hungry, time-pressed travelers, according to public records and a person familiar with the strategy.
The move underscores how a company that started as an online bookseller is making forays into brick-and-mortar retail to capture a greater share of shoppers’ spending.
For months, 
, where customers scan their smartphones at a turnstile to enter, and then cameras identify what they take from the shelves. When shoppers are finished, they simply leave the store and Amazon bills their credit cards on file.
Amazon has opened seven of the stores to the public since January: 
, 
, mostly catering to workers in nearby offices looking for a quick lunch.
Amazon is evaluating top U.S. airports for new locations, according to public records requests to several airport operators.
“The lead for Amazon Go requested a meeting,” read a June 27 email from a technology adviser who supports Los Angeles International, the second-busiest airport in the country, to a concessions official. “Interested?”
“Yes. Thanks!” the concessions official replied.
A few hundred miles north, in the heart of Silicon Valley, an account manager at Amazon’s cloud unit asked San Jose International Airport for a meeting and referenced Amazon Go, as “one of many possibilities we can discuss.”
After the June meeting took place, during which Amazon discussed how the stores work, an airport information technology manager wrote: “I am looking forward to moving forward with the Amazon Go technology at the airport.”
Officials from both airports have since told Reuters they had no further correspondence about Amazon Go and that the retailer would have to undergo a competitive bid process to become a concessionaire, as is typical. The company’s cloud unit, Amazon Web Services, has been in touch with airports for other purposes. The status of the Amazon Go effort is unclear.
An Amazon spokeswoman declined to comment.
A person familiar with the strategy confirmed that Amazon is studying how to get the checkout-free stores into airports and that an employee with experience in business development was assigned to the task.
“Think about how you can expose your brand,” the person familiar with the matter said, on condition of anonymity. “You’ll be able to build broad awareness just being in a dozen of the best airports.”
More than 350 million passengers boarded flights at the country’s top 12 airports last year, according to U.S. Department of Transportation data.
Operating in airports will present new challenges for Amazon Go.
Workers must gain clearances to staff concessions after security checkpoints, and square footage in busy sections of an airport can be expensive to lease. What is more, many airports are publicly run and require would-be concessionaires to put in public bids for retail space.
If “you do a deal, it’s almost like they go back out and shop it,” said Kazuko Morgan, vice chairman at real estate services firm Cushman & Wakefield. She was not speaking with reference to Amazon.
“Not only do your terms become public knowledge, someone can come in at the last hour and block you,” she said.
That has not stopped airports from trying to court the online retailer. In September, a concessions manager for Dallas Fort Worth International Airport emailed the vice president in charge of Amazon Go, asking for a partnership “on the first Airport Amazon Go location.”
The airport did not immediately comment on whether the concessions manager got a response.
 announced that the 
 has gone live with titles from well-known game studios. The first games to go live include Annapurna’s 
, 
, and TinyBuild’s Hello Neighbor: Hide and Seek.
Epic announced on Tuesday that the online store for PC and Mac games will only take a 12 percent cut of revenue for games sold on the store, compared to 30 percent for Valve’s Steam and other major app stores. You could call it the 
, as the popularity of Epic’s battle royale game has generated huge revenues and opened new doors for Epic.
Above: Epic Games Store is coming.
During this evening’s broadcast of The Game Awards, Epic revealed the first slate of games to be offered through the store:
The Epic Games store will be open to developers using any engine, and announced titles span Unreal, Unity, and internal engines. For games made with Unreal Engine, Epic will cover the engine’s 5 percent royalty on revenue generated through the Epic Games store.
Epic’s 
 program connects developers directly with over 10,000 creators such as YouTubers and Twitch streamers, and rewards creators for bringing added exposure to game developers. Developers who opt to participate set the rate of creator revenue sharing, which creators earn on each attributable sale. Epic will pay the first 5 percent for the first 24 months.
 said it believes Facebook and 
 third-party adtech is dead. Or perhaps the way to say it is, “Adtech is dead. Long live adtech.”
In 2018, the optimization algorithms for Facebook and 
 (UAC) have dramatically improved, leveling the playing field between advertisers both large and small.
The duopoly’s native adtech has improved such that advantages once held by third-party software-as-a-service adtech providers has significantly diminished. Brian Bowman, CEO of Consumer Acquisition, said in an interview with VentureBeat that his company saw the writing on the wall and decided to change.
Consumer Acquisition is a Facebook and Instagram marketing partner, and it works with Google UAC, Snapchat, Pinterest, and IAC. So it kind of sounds like the company is saying its own business is dead. But it’s not quite that.
To be successful, social advertising technology companies must focus on cross-platform campaign management, advanced creative reporting, and workflow automation, Bowman said. In other words, the bar for being useful as a third-part adtech company is higher.
Above: Brian Bowman, CEO of Consumer Acquisition.
In direct response to this year’s optimization algorithm improvements from Facebook and Google UAC, Consumer Acquisition has reduced the cost of its platform to 0.07 percent of media spend, with a maximum monthly cap of $15,000.
“It takes a mental leap of faith that this is in your best interest, but their algorithms are more efficient,” Bowman said.
In addition, the company’s AdRules self-service platform now supports Google UAC reporting, which offers mobile app advertisers and lead generators a self-service media buying solution and advanced reporting platform.
Back in February, Bowman said the company found that the Facebook optimization algorithm was better and that the native tools for both Facebook and Google UAC had gotten much easier to use.
“People refer to Facebook and Google UAC as the duopoly, but I think what they are trying to do is lower the skills required for successful advertising and in doing so level the playing field between very larger advertisers and very small advertisers,” Bowman said.
He added that the companies simplified how advertisers managed media buying and bidding, so Consumer Acquisition shifted to focus on the creative marketplace and software that helps advertisers identify and resolve creative fatigue and audience saturation.
“We’re so confident in our approach and the direction that the industry is headed that we’ve radically dropped the fee we’re charging for our self-service software,” Bowman said.
Consumer Acquisition isn’t the only company cutting prices for social campaign management software in the adtech market. Marin Software, a public company offering a digital marketing software for performance-driven advertisers and agencies, also recently announced it would shift its model to a flat platform fee, rather than using traditional pricing as a percentage of digital ad spend.
“I wouldn’t go so far as to say adtech is dead,” said Jessica Hasenplaugh, head of user acquisition at Berlin-based mobile game publisher Wooga (which was just
), in an interview with VentureBeat.
Wooga is a customer of Consumer Acquisition, but Hasenplaugh acknowledged things are changing.
“I would definitely say we are seeing a lot of automation within the work we have historically done within the two biggest ad networks, Google and Facebook,” she said. “We are focusing on things that can be done, like focusing on creative. Creative is one of the things that can’t be automated by the big ad networks. There are other things that we do, like leveraging our data, which is getting better, and better understanding our user base. We find where we are wasting and eliminate that, and we deal with ad fraud. We focus on other networks where we can benefit if we put some time and effort in.”
She acknowledged that you won’t have to make as many campaigns for a single game or change those campaigns on the fly as often as in the past.
Bowman believes that any adtech company that simply tries to keep up with the native tools capabilities of Facebook and Google — or those that have built proprietary optimization or AI algorithms — will see the value of their solutions rapidly drop to near zero.
Above: The bomb has dropped on adtech.
“Before February, our old strategy was running a high number of ads, and we were doing maybe five to 10 changes per ad per day,” Bowman said. “That technique no longer worked. It was both good and bad, as it radically simplified the way we were running on Facebook.”
Making frequent changes using third-party tools was no longer efficient.
“Before February, it was about how smart your quantitative folks were at changing things,” Bowman said. “Now it’s easier to run the ads. So that means creative is the most important part of advertising. You can control that. In the past, most adtech partners were not creative platform partners. They were not good at it. Now there’s less value in the adtech stacks. So the creative has to step up.”
One byproduct of this shift is that Consumer Acquisition is hiring more talent specialized in creative advertising, rather than simply focusing on AI to improve creative materials.
“This is going to be a human-driven business for five to 10 years,” he said. “We brought in 50 editors and trained them. For the foreseeable future, humans will do the work in creative analytics. The opportunity is to become good at creativity. The question is how you evolve your creative thinking.”
Hasenplaugh added, “You might try to automate things, but that will just open up questions, and the people who work on this will try to find answers to the questions. I don’t see AI eliminating our jobs.”
Consumer Acquisition’s AdRules software optimizes the social advertising processes with workflow automation, bulk ad creation, bulk audience creation, and creative development at scale.
Advertisers can reduce time spent on competitive tasks — like building ads, adjusting bids, and managing budgets — thanks to AdRules’ automated capabilities.
AdRules also offers a creative analytics solution with reporting views not available in Facebook or Google’s native tools. Advertisers can see images, videos, and graphs with rolled up data, cohort reporting, and advanced tagging, as well as viewing key performance indicators (KPIs) from multiple sources in one dashboard. These include APIs, measurement partners, and proprietary business intelligence data.
Additionally, to maintain financial performance, the platform can deliver fresh videos and images sourced through its Creative Marketplace.
Consumer Acquisition was founded in 2013, and customers have used its tools to create more than 300,000 videos and acquire more than 150 million app installs. Customers include Glu Mobile, Wooga, Ember Entertainment, Ford, Checkout51, and Autogravity.
Watch out, ghostwriters: Artificial intelligence (AI) is coming for you. In a paper accepted at the NeurIPS 2018 conference in Montreal (“
“), data scientists from the University of Michigan and Google Brain describe a machine learning architecture that’s capable of not only generating sentences from a given sample, but changing the mood, complexity, tense, or even voice of the original text while preserving its meaning.
This might one day be used for paraphrasing, the team posits, or machine translation and conversational systems. And it could complement systems like those demonstrated by 
 in November, which leverage sophisticated natural language processing techniques to reason about relationships in weakly structured text.
“In this work, we address the problem of modifying textual attributes of sentences,” the researchers wrote. “To our knowledge, we demonstrate the first instance of learning to modify multiple textual attributes of a given sentence without parallel data.”
Above: Google’s AI system changing the sentiment of sentences.
The team first tackled the problem of sentiment control. They sourced a restaurant reviews dataset — a filtered version of the Yelp reviews dataset — and a large collection of IMDB movie reviews for a total of 447,000 and 300,000 sentences, respectively, which they used to train the system.
After training, using a test dataset of 128,000 restaurant reviews and 36,000 movie reviews, the researchers attempted generating text snippets with positive sentiment from sentences with negative sentiment, and vice versa.
Evaluated on BLEU — short for “bilingual evaluation understudy,” a standard metric for evaluating machine-translated text — the AI system was able to outperform two leading text generation methods. Moreover, it consistently generated grammatically correct sentences related to the input sentence — to such a degree that study participants on Amazon’s Mechanical Turk judged its output to be more realistic than that of previous methods.
The generated sentences are surprisingly coherent. In one example, “The people behind the counter were not friendly whatsoever” became “the people at the counter were very friendly and helpful.” In another, the model flipped around “that’s another interesting aspect about the film” to “there’s no redeeming qualities about the film.”
More impressive still, the researchers in another test used the system to control multiple attributes — including mood, tense, voice, and sentiment — of a sentence simultaneously. After training on a dataset of 2 million text snippets from the Toronto BookCorpus dataset, the model was able to translate sentences from indicative mood in the future tense (“John will not survive in the camp”) to subjunctive mood in the conditional tense (“John couldn’t live in the camp”).
Above: The AI system can adjust multiple attributes simultaneously.
“We demonstrate that our model effectively reflects the conditioning information through various experiments and metrics,” the researchers wrote. “While previous work has been centered around controlling a single attribute and transferring between two styles, the proposed model easily extends to the multiple attribute scenario. It would be interesting future work to consider attributes with continuous values in this framework and a much larger set of semantic and syntactic attributes.”
Microsoft is rolling out a handful of updates to the Outlook for iOS app, a move that comes a week after the company revealed it was 
 across the entire Office suite of apps.
Outlook for mobile will be among the first apps to get the new icon, starting with the iPhone and iPad incarnation, which is rolling out globally from today. But the new icon is really just representative of the 
 that’s going on under the hood.
Indeed, the app itself has been given a notable aesthetic reboot, with bolder lettering and colors designed to make the app stand out when you’re switching between other apps on your device.
Above: New Outlook for iOS
“We recognize that people are using many apps on their devices and it’s common to quickly switch between apps to complete tasks,” Microsoft said in a blog post. “A strong app header with bold color and typography helps you easily find your way to Outlook while rapidly switching between a sea of monochromatic apps to quickly complete your task and get back to what matters.”
More subtle changes won’t be apparent until you start using the app. For example, the header dynamically reduces in size as you scroll so that you have more screen real estate for actual messages. The assumption here is that if your finger is on the scroll bar, you already know which part of the app you are in and don’t need to see the full header.
Outlook for iOS will also now feature what Microsoft refers to as “sensory feedback” that will pair haptic feedback, or small vibrations, with on-screen actions such as when you swipe left or right on one of your emails. This is married with small layout and design changes when you carry out such an action. For example, the message will change shape or color as you’re swiping, while the corners of the message will be rounded rather than square.
Above: The new swipe
Elsewhere in the app, you’ll notice a number of other UI enhancements, including a new animated calendar icon that “fans” forward and backward as you move through your weekly or monthly agenda.
Microsoft launched Outlook for Android and iOS 
, shortly after 
. The apps have been given a number of updates over the years, 
 and 
.
The latest update builds on this evolution and strives to ensure Outlook isn’t left behind as Google 
 its popular Gmail app.
The refreshed Outlook for iOS won’t be available for everyone immediately — it will hit a small percentage of users from today and will gradually be expanded to more users in the coming weeks.
If you’ve ever felt the urge to ping an unsuspecting Fire HD tablet owner with a video call, good news: Now you can. Amazon today announced that starting this week 
 and Fire HD 10 owners will be able to receive Drop In video calls from Alexa-enabled devices with displays and cameras, like the Echo Show and Echo Spot.
The new features are coming in a software update that’ll begin rolling out today. Previously, only the current-generation Fire HD 8, 2017 Fire HD 8, and Fire HD 10 tablets have been supported.
Drop In, you might recall, gives you a hands-free way to connect to Alexa devices instantly, without having to wait for the person on the other end to answer. It’s an optional feature and has to be enabled from the Settings menu — you’ll find it under Alexa > Hands-Free Mode, where you’ll also be able to specify which contacts and devices can use it.
As part of the above-mentioned update, Fire HD tablets are also gaining Announcements — messages recorded and sent via Echo products and other speakers, displays, and gadgets that tap the Alexa Voice Service, a cloud-based suite of tools that enable developers to add Alexa functionality to their devices. This feature must also be switched on from the settings menu (Communications > Calling and Messaging).
Both Drop In and Announcements are part of 
 a setting that effectively transforms Fire HD tablets into Amazon Echo Show-style devices. Either standing alone or docked in Amazon’s Show Mode Charging Docks, Show Mode offers largely the same menus and features as the Show proper, including visual responses, video flash briefings, smart home controls, photo slideshows sourced from Amazon’s Prime Photos storage service, and access to Alexa’s more than 50,000 third-party voice apps.
Show Mode is activated with a swipe down from the Quick Settings menu and a tap of the corresponding button.
 Additionally, Amazon revealed that Announcements are heading to the Fire TV Cube starting today, and that in December, Alexa on Fire TV Cube will support Announcements based on smart home device activity. The latter includes motion detection and doorbell rings, and users will be able to customize responses in the Routines section of the Alexa app.
Fire TV Cube owners can manage the settings for Alexa Announcements via the Alexa app.
If you were looking forward to AT&T’s 
 this month or the 
 in spring 2019, prepare yourself for a little confusion — and possibly some disappointment. This morning, the U.S. cellular carrier 
 that it will bring a second unnamed Samsung 5G phone to market in the third quarter of 2019, and only one feature has been confirmed: It will be able to access both millimeter wave (mmWave) and sub-6GHz 5G networks.
While it’s tempting to say that today’s announcement of a second, more network-compatible Samsung 5G phone instantly renders the first phone obsolete, that’s not necessarily the case. But it will raise a major question for early AT&T 5G adopters, namely whether to spend money on early 5G devices that will only work on certain segments of the carrier’s 5G network.
As has been amply discussed over the past year, upcoming 5G networks will rely on multiple and decidedly different radio frequencies to provide high-speed service. Both AT&T and top rival Verizon have focused their marketing on mmWave radio technology, which delivers outstanding data speeds over short distances. But achieving broader coverage will depend on sub-6GHz and lower radio frequencies that more easily blanket large areas. Notably, Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 5G modems and antennas are capable of operating on both mmWave and sub-6GHz networks.
AT&T’s announcement is brief, but has significant implications. The company now says that it will be the “first U.S. carrier to launch standards-based mmWave mobile 5G in 2018” and notes that it’s already installing sub-6GHz radios so it can offer 5G “to more customers in more areas.” In other words, the first Samsung phone might pick up AT&T’s 5G signal in some places but fail to get a 5G signal in others — not the type of experience you’d expect after investing close to $1,000 on a new device.
If you were thinking of becoming an early AT&T 5G adopter, you’ll now have to determine whether the device you’re buying will work with the AT&T 5G towers where you live, work, and travel — assuming you can even really figure that out from a coverage map. The shorthand trick will be that if your hotspot or phone doesn’t include both mmWave and sub-6GHz support, you’re probably going to have coverage problems somewhere going forward. But even mmWave-only 5G phones will be able to fall back to LTE networks for gigabit-class LTE coverage.
It’s worth noting that 
, starting solely with “fixed 5G” home modems that it has promised to upgrade or replace as needed to match evolving 5G standards. In recent months, Verizon has promised to offer standards-based mobile 5G services in early 2019, with devices including an 
 and Motorola 
 that will work at least on mmWave frequencies. We’ll have to wait and see whether Verizon has the same frequency-based coverage challenges as AT&T, but at this point, it wouldn’t be a surprise.
      
    
  
JENKINTOWN, Pa.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 5, 2018–
Google Cloud today announced availability of its 
 beta — with 
 designed to more quickly identify vulnerabilities and limit damage from threats or attacks.
Cloud SCC offers a centralized view that gives users a clear picture of all their cloud assets, according to a blog post by Andy Chang, senior product manager for 
.
“If you’re building applications or deploying infrastructure in the cloud, you need a central place to unify asset, vulnerability, and threat data in their business context to help understand your security posture and act on changes,” he wrote.
The Cloud SCC was released in alpha last March with the goal of giving more users across an organization a clear view of security issues. The beta version adds:
Google said the beta should help users better assess their risks and vulnerabilities via the dashboard, as well as offering more finely tuned search and oversight of digital assets, better notifications, and easier integration with third-party cloud security services.
Meeshkan, a company whose Slack bot helps engineers monitor and train machine learning models without leaving the team chat app, has been named winner of the Slush 100 startup competition. Meeshkan works with popular frameworks like PyTorch and TensorFlow and is optimized for deep learning workflows.
The competition took place today in Helsinki at Slush, one of the largest annual tech conferences held in northern Europe.
“With our interactive machine learning product, out of the box and for free you get monitoring of all your machine learning jobs on Slack,” Meeshkan CEO Mike Solomon said during his pitch. “On top of that, you’re able to schedule as many jobs as you want right from Slack, pause long setting jobs that are executing, tweak parameters for the job that’s executing, fork a job just like you fork a repo on GitHub, and under the hood it will automatically spin up, provision a server, and send the job off and running.“
Meeshkan competed in the semifinals of Slush 100 against 
, a heavy-lift drone company that cleans wind turbines and wants to fight fires with drones, and 
, a SaaS service for internet services providers that predicts Wi-Fi troubleshooting using AI.
More than 1,000 applications from 60 countries around the world were received for the startup competition, according to organizers.
By supplying a tool that enables engineers and data scientists to train models without the full understanding of how to train and deploy a model from scratch, like a machine learning engineer, Meeshkan intends to help companies address the widespread shortage of data scientists.
In a PricewaterhouseCoopers study 
, only 4 percent of business executives said their company has successfully implemented AI in their products or services, but that’s expected to change in the years ahead.
The Slush tech conference was attended by 20,000 people. Among them: more than 1,000 investors and more than 3,000 startups. By category, the largest group of startups in attendance self-identified as AI, big data, or machine learning companies.
On Wednesday morning, a U.K. Parliament committee released a trove of internal Facebook documents that give new insight into how the company negotiates with third-party apps, as well the company’s thoughts about its relationships with developers.
The 
 includes select emails sent to representatives from Badoo, Airbnb, Netflix, and Lyft, in the 2015 timeframe, in which a Facebook executive tells someone from that company that they’ve been ‘whitelisted’ to get access to certain APIs. The emails were sent shortly after Facebook announced that it was shutting down access to the Friends data API.
“We will be whitelisted for getting all friends, not just connected friends,” according to an email sent from a Netflix representative to Facebook’s Konstantinos Papamiltiadis, director of partnership platforms at Facebook at the time.
“We have whitelisted Badoo App, HotorNot and Bumble for the Hashed Friends API that was shipped late last night,” Papamiltiadis wrote in another email. The Hashed Friends API appeared to give companies data that helped them identify which “non-app friends to recommend to a given user,” and they had to sign a special agreement to get access to it.
Damian Collins, the head of the
 in the U.K. Parliament that seized the documents, wrote that these agreements “meant that after the platform changes in 2014/15 they maintained full access to friends data. It is not clear that there was any user consent for this, nor how Facebook decided which companies should be whitelisted or not.”
Facebook has previously said that the documents seized by the U.K. Parliament “are presented in a way that is very misleading without additional context.”
After publication, Facebook posted a 
. In regards to the allegations of whitelisting, Facebook said that “in some situations, when necessary, we allowed developers to access a list of the users’ friends.” The company said that this is different than the friend data that Facebook revoked developers’ access to in 2014.
“In addition, white lists are also common practice when testing new features and functionality with a limited set of partners before rolling out the feature more broadly (aka beta testing),” the company’s statement read. “Similarly, it’s common to help partners transition their apps during platform changes to prevent their apps from crashing or causing disruptive experiences for users.”
It’s not surprising that a company with as many customers as Facebook would give certain customers more privileges — or in this case, access to more data. But what Collins is objecting to is that Facebook was making these deals behind the scenes, and perhaps without giving users the proper notice.
The documents come by way of a lawsuit between Six4Three and Facebook. Six4Three sued Facebook after the company removed developers’ access to friend data. That change meant that Pikini, one of Six4Three’s apps that helped people find bikini pictures, no longer worked. The complaint is that Facebook defrauded developers by encouraging them to build on the platform, and then suddenly made changes that harmed their business.
The U.K. Parliament was able to seize a cache of documents from the lawsuit after the founder of Six4Three traveled to London for business.
Some other important findings from the documents released this morning include:
Facebook’s Justin Osofsky sent an email to Zuckerberg in 2013 asking to shut off Vine’s API access, saying that “As part of their [Vine’s] NUX, you can find friends via FB. Unless anyone raises objections, we will shut down their friends API access today. We’ve prepared reactive PR, and I will let Jana know our decision.” Zuckerberg replied with “Yup, go for it.”
described Facebook’s response at the time as “
,” as Facebook published a blog post “clarifying its platform policies” without referencing Vine.
In 2015, Facebook made a permissions update on Android so that it could collect data on contacts, SMS, and call history so its friend recommendation algorithm could make better suggestions. Emails show Facebook managers discussing how the company’s growth team was testing a way that would force Android users to accept the permissions update by clicking, but without subjecting the user to a separate permissions dialog screen.
Facebook’s Michael LeBeau wrote, “This is a pretty highrisk thing to do from a PR perspective but it appears that the growth team will charge ahead and do it.”
Facebook’s Android permissions did kick up a PR storm earlier this year, as 
 about how Android users unwittingly gave Facebook permission to scrape call and text data.
Per a 2012 email from Zuckerberg to Facebook’s Sam Lessin, continuing discussions on whether to charge developers for access to certain data:
“I’m generally sceptical [sic] that there is as much data leak strategic risk as you think. I agree there is clear risk on the advertiser side, but I haven’t figured out how that connects to the rest of the platform. I think we leak info to developers, but I just can’t think if any instances where that data has leaked from developer to developer and caused a real issue for us. Do you have examples of this?”
If only 2018 Zuckerberg could have warned him about the PR risks of developer’s 
.
Updated with comment from Facebook about whitelisting in the seventh paragraph.
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg posted a 
 in response to the documents released today. He didn’t comment on the discussions of whitelisting or Android permissions.
But, he did the company’s decision to limit the amount of data developers could access starting in 2014, and explains why the company considered charging developers access for data at one point.
“At the same time as we were focusing on preventing abusive apps, we also faced another issue with our platform — making it economically sustainable as we transitioned from desktop to mobile,” Zuckerberg wrote. “Other ideas we considered but decided against included charging developers for usage of our platform…To be clear, that’s different from selling people’s data.”
 
Berlin-based 
 announced today that it has raised $28 million in venture capital from Highland Europe as the company continues building out its open source workflow automation software.
Camunda’s technology allows businesses to automate such tasks as process design, modeling, and analyzing large data sets through the use of visual interfaces so developers and business-side employees can contribute.
Founded in 2008, this marks the first time the company has raised outside money.
“We are very excited to be working with Highland Europe, who share our long-term vision and cultural values,” said Jakob Freund, cofounder and CEO of Camunda. “Raising additional capital gives us the financial liberty to accelerate our growth and drive expansion, without having to compromise on product innovation.”
As all aspects of business and production accelerate, automating as much workflow as possible has 
. The company’s customers come from a wide range of industries, and include AXA Insurance, Intuit, T-Mobile, Universal Music Group, and Zalando. In a press release, Camunda says its annual recurring revenues have doubled over the past 12 months.
The company says it will use the funding to expand its marketing efforts around the world. In addition, the company plans to expand its offices, including its operations in San Francisco and Denver.
Publisher Feral Interactive announced today that city simulator 
 is coming to iPad on December 18. A version for iPhone will follow sometime in 2019.
This is the first time the series is coming to mobile. Tropico has been a PC and console affair across its six installments. The first game came out in 2001. Tropico 5 came out in 2014, while Tropico 6 releases for PC on January 25. The Tropico series stands out from other city-building and sim games with its distinctive theme, which has players running a Caribbean island. They can make it a thriving tropical paradise … or a banana republic (or more).
Developer Kalypso Media Group is tailoring the iPad version, which is simply called Tropico, for touchscreen devices. It will be a premium game and cost $12. An Android version has not been announced.
Tropico’s expansion to the mobile could open the franchise up a larger audience. Market researcher 
 expects the mobile gaming market to be worth 
. Many city-building games on iPad and iPhone are free-to-play titles with in-app purchases, and they force players to either wait hours for buildings to complete or pay money to speed up the process. Tropico could attract fans looking for a more pure simulation experience if it forgoes those
Tropico will work on the following iPad models:
, a New York startup that’s raised $39 million in funding to develop a device capable of translating electrical muscle impulses into digital signals, this week detailed its forthcoming developer kit at Slush in Helsinki, Finland. Dubbed Ctrl-kit, it’ll begin shipping to developers in Q1 2019.
“With Ctrl-kit, you become the controller. Extracting the meanings of your movements. Taking biological neurons, sending that directly into a computational neurons. This way humans can dominate those computational neurons with their own neurons, to leverage things like machine learning,” Ctrl-labs cofounder and CEO Thomas Reardon said during his keynote at Slush.
Much has changed since the team began demoing prototype devices last year, Adam Berenzweig, director of research and development at Ctrl-labs, told VentureBeat in a phone interview. The device is no longer tethered by wires to a Raspberry Pi, as was the case with previous incarnations, but the current form factor emphasizes robustness rather than sleekness. Radios are packed tightly into a wrist-worn enclosure that’s the size of a “large watch,” and wired to a component with electrodes that sits further up the arm, as seen in the latest demo videos. Furthermore, latency is reduced, and the algorithms that predict intent are “significantly better” than they were before.
“We’re at the point of the launch where … we want to get it out [to] developers,” Berenzweig said.
On the software side of the equation, the accompanying software development kit is “more mature,” with built-out JavaScript and TypeScript toolchains and new prebuilt demos that give an idea of the hardware’s capabilities. Programming is largely done through WebSockets, which provide a full-duplex communications channel.
“Part of the launch will be showing how to connect the [device] and do simple operations,” Berenzweig said. “The plan is to [maintain] a continuous pace of rolling out new and more sophisticated demos [and features] in the SDK, and … real working examples [that demonstrate] best practices around how to design around the technology.”
The final version of Ctrl-kit, seen above, will be in one piece, and it won’t be an entirely self-contained affair. The developer kit has to be tethered to a PC for some processing, but the goal is to get to the point where overhead is such that it can run on wearable system-on-chips.
The underlying technology remains the same. Ctrl-kit leverages differential electromyography (EMG) to translate mental intent into action, specifically by measuring changes in electrical potential caused by impulses traveling from the brain to hand muscles. Sixteen electrodes monitor the motor neuron signals amplified by the muscle fibers of motor units, from which they measure signals, and, with the help of a machine learning algorithm trained using Google’s TensorFlow, distinguish between the individual pulses of each nerve.
The system works independently of muscle movement; generating a brain activity pattern that Ctrl-labs’ tech can detect requires no more than the firing of a neuron down an axon, or what neuroscientists call action potential. That puts it a class above wearables that use electroencephalography (EEG), a technique that measures electrical activity in the brain through contacts pressed against the scalp. EMG devices draw from the cleaner, clearer signals from motor neurons, and as a result are limited only by the accuracy of the software’s machine learning model and the snugness of the contacts against the skin
As for what Ctrl-labs expects its early adopters to build with Ctrl-kit, video games top the list — particularly virtual reality games, which Berenzweig believes are a natural fit for the sort of immersive experiences EMG can deliver. (Imagine swiping through an inventory screen with a hand gesture, or piloting a fighter jet just by thinking about the direction you want to fly.)
Ctrl-labs is also thinking smaller. Not too long ago, the company demonstrated a virtual keyboard that maps finger movements to PC inputs, allowing a wearer to type messages by tapping on a tabletop. And at the 2018 O’Reilly AI conference in New York City, Reardon 
 about text messaging apps for smartphones and smartwatches that let you peck out replies one-handed.
It remains to be seen if Ctrl-labs can succeed where others have failed. In October, Amazon-backed wearables company 
 killed its gesture- and motion-guided Myo armband, which similarly tapped the electrical activity in arm muscles to control devices. But Berenzweig is convinced that Ctrl-labs’ early momentum, plus the robustness of its developer tools, will help it gain an early lead in the brain-machine interface race.
“We’re enabling experiences we can’t imagine doing with an existing controller,” he said. “It’s real-time control mapped to a high-dimensional space.”
Following a series of developer and public betas, Apple is today releasing a series of updates to its iOS, macOS, and tvOS operating systems, including some more significant changes than their “point-point” version numbers might suggest. A 
 is also expected to follow.
Both iOS and its Apple TV-specific variant tvOS are getting upgraded today to version 12.1.1. In addition to adding ECG support to iOS, the releases include standard bug fixes and security enhancements for iPhones, iPads, and Apple TVs, including enabling Apple Configurator to install profiles on nonsupervised Apple TV devices.
On iPhones and iPads, the new iOS release improves the FaceTime app with a one-tap camera-switching interface and restores the user’s ability to take live photos during FaceTime calls. It also enables 
 for iPhone XR and XS models sold by AT&T, Verizon, and unspecified other carriers, as well as offering real-time text (RTT) support for Wi-Fi calls made on the iPad or iPod touch. HomePods updated to iOS 12.1.1 will gain support for use in China and Hong Kong, as well as a visual illumination of the top lights during Group FaceTime calls.
Mac users are now able to download macOS 10.14.2, which up until this point hasn’t offered any major user-facing changes from 10.14.1. Apple has listed only a single new security feature — a requirement “that publicly-trusted Transport Layer Security (TLS) server authentication certificates issued after October 15, 2018 meet the Certificate Transparency policy to be evaluated as trusted on Apple platforms.” According to a 
 advising developers of the change, Apple will break an app’s or site’s connection to the Internet if its certificate doesn’t comply with the policy. Like iOS, macOS is also adding RTT support during Wi-Fi calls on Macs.
Additionally, a new release of watchOS 5.1.2 is expected to 
, a feature originally promised during the smartwatch’s September launch. In the United States, an Apple-developed ECG app will enable heart monitoring, supporting ECG data synchronization and sharing with iPhones running iOS 12.1.1 or later. Support for the ECG app in other countries will depend on local regulatory approvals. Earlier Apple Watches will gain a more limited ability to alert users to unusual heart activity, as well.
The updates are beginning to hit Apple’s servers now, and are expected to continue to roll out to users this afternoon. iOS users can get 12.1.1 from the Settings app under General > Software Update. On the Mac, the update will be found within System Preferences > Software Update > Update Now, while tvOS users can use Settings > System > Software Updates > Update Software. When watchOS 5.1.2 comes out, Apple Watch users will be able to download it from the iPhone’s Watch app under General > Software Update.
The women of the video games industry are finally getting their 
 book. 
 went on sale yesterday.
Meagan Marie, the book’s author, marked the occasion by organizing a 
 of female gaming pioneers at the headquarters of Crystal Dynamics in Redwood City, California.
The book illustrates how women have played — and will continue to play — important roles in the video game industry, which is now a 
.
Marie, senior community and social media manager at Crystal Dynamics, recruited women from decades of game creation for both the book and the panel sessions. Marie pointed to a young woman in the audience and said, “I wrote this book for women like you, to inspire you and, no matter who you are, to motivate you to go into the industry.”
Above: Meagan Marie of Crystal Dynamics (left) and Carol Kantor, formerly of Atari.
The first panel included Carol Kantor, a former Atari employee who created user research for video games; Evelyn Seto, a former Atari graphic designer who collaborated on early art work, branding, and packaging; Brenda Laurel, founder and vice president of design at Purple Moon Games; and Jennell Jaquays, former game designer at Coleco, id Software, Ensemble Studios, CCP, and renowned 
 adventure module author and artist.
Asked how she felt about being the very first profile in the book, 
, who worked at Atari in its early days in the 1970s, replied, “Old.”
Kantor was recognized for starting formal research in the game business, taking methods from companies like Clorox and figuring out what people liked in the arcades.
Getting honored “made me feel like an antique,” Kantor said. “We did what we thought was right to make the games better. Other people have done even more since then.”
Kantor said she loved Atari and that she has maintained her friendships, even long after leaving the company. She still runs her own promotional products business, Business Builders.
, meanwhile, talked about the manual process of creating the designs on Atari’s arcade cabinets in the 1970s. She joined the art department with her former boss and had a great time being creative with the branding, illustrating, and other production art work.
“All the panels you see on the arcade machines are hand-cut stencils,” Seto said. “We romanticized the concepts of the game.”
Above: Women in Gaming: 100 Professionals of Play is now available as a book.
She went on to work with Atari cofounder Nolan Bushnell on Chuck E. Cheese. She noted that Chuck’s voice was kind of scary at first as an “East Coast gangster.”
, founder of Purple Moon, was a pioneer of games for girls with the Rockett series in the 1990s. She talked about how she worked for David Liddell, the head of Microsoft cofounder Paul Allen’s think tank, Interval Research. For four years, she investigated why girls ages 8 to 12 dropped out of science, math, and programming while boys thrived. Video games were a big part of what kept boys motivated, but the games in those days weren’t tailored for girls.
“The 8 to 12-year-old girls had issues,” Laurel said. “Our goal at Purple Moon was to give girls emotional rehearsal space to make choices.
Her team interviewed more than 1,000 girls and 400 boys in eight cities.
“We began to discover what some of the barriers were for girls,” she said. “There weren’t any games for girls. There’s some inventiveness that has to come from understanding your audience.”
But the market was tough. While Rockett’s first game beat out Madden’s sales in the year it came out, it had to compete for shelf space with Mattel’s Barbie Fashion Designer. Purple Moon shut down in 1999.
“We made a positive difference in people’s lives,” Laurel said. “I’m happy we did it. Nobody made very much money.”
 became a fan of 
 in 1974 (at the dawn of the tabletop role-playing game), and she created the second-ever published fan-created 
 adventure. She founded a 
 fan magazine, 
, that she sent out to people in hopes of getting subscribers.
She said she “was in between money” and interviewed with Eric Bromley at Colecovision in Michigan. She got the job and worked on an electronic game that combined voice chips and bar codes.
She made her way to Interplay, where she got to work on a game based on The Lord of the Rings. She added details that expanded the Tolkien universe, and went on in 1997 to work at id Software. That studio made her go through a week’s worth of interviews, but they offered her a job as a level designer for Quake, because they found she could make the leap from designing tabletop games to 3D computer levels.
Jaquays went on to cofound the Southern Methodist University Guildhall game development school in the early 2000s, where her son eventually attended. She got together with four women to start 
, which has specialized in porting classic games to modern game consoles. 
After 
 Finnish sleep tracker accessory maker Beddit in May 2017, Apple shut down Beddit’s cloud service, cutting off new users this September and prior users last month. But the company apparently isn’t done releasing Beddit devices, as a new Apple-branded sleep monitor has 
, suggesting that the company will continue to address sleep tracking with accessories beyond Apple Watches.
Beddit’s last monitor looked like a thin fabric pouch, using a USB cable to connect to wall power, and Bluetooth to wirelessly share data with phones. The pouch is placed under a sheet, promising accurate overnight health tracking even if two people share a bed. Sensors monitor sleep, heart rate, breathing, snoring, and the bedroom’s environment — temperature and humidity — with results transferring instantly to Beddit’s app. Users receive a sleep score each morning based on the tracked data, which is currently stored only locally rather than being synced to a cloud server.
The FCC’s listings show that the new Apple sleep monitor has passed Bluetooth emissions testing, and has a model number of 3.5, which suggests that it’s an incremental update to the previously offered Beddit Sleep Monitor 3. No photo of the new device is offered, but a rendering of the mandatory FCC label suggests that it will have a fairly standard Apple power cable with tiny text markings, notably including “Designed by Beddit in California.”
Arguably the biggest revelation is that Apple is bothering to release another version of the accessory. Typically, Apple acquires small companies and folds their personnel into larger existing projects, and Beddit’s purchase would have made sense as a means to add sleep tracking capabilities to the Apple Watch — something that didn’t happen in 2018, but remains a possibility for 2019 or thereafter.
Unfortunately, and like its predecessors, the latest Apple Watch Series 4 doesn’t have the battery power to last overnight: Apple continues to recommend that users take it off and charge it after a normal day of use, typically when they go to sleep. Though Qualcomm’s latest Snapdragon 3100 chips were developed to let rival smartwatches offer multi-day battery life, Apple’s focus on an “all-day” experience has left an opening for Beddit and others to keep offer sleep tracking functionality in separate accessories.
Beddit’s current sleep monitor sells for $150. It remains to be seen whether Apple rebrands, reprices, or more deeply integrates the updated version with its Health app and related initiatives. But like its prior acquisition of Beats, the fact that Beddit’s name appears on the cable suggests the smaller brand is sticking around for now.
, a Google-owned community for AI researchers and developers that offers tools which help to find, build, and publish datasets and models, is integrating with Google’s Data Studio. The Mountain View company announced the news in a 
 timed to coincide with the NeurIPS 2018 conference in Montreal this week.
Starting this week, users can connect to and visualize Kaggle datasets directly from Data Studio using Kaggle’s Community Connector tool. It’s as simple as browsing for a dataset within Kaggle, picking a file, launching Data Studio with the selected file, and creating an interactive dashboard with Data Studio’s built-in tools. From that point, the dashboard can be published and embedded in a website or blog.
Google is also making available the connector code for the integration in open source in the Data Studio Open Source Repository, which it says will help Data Studio developers and Kaggle users to build “newer and better solutions.”
“[With] this new integration, users can analyze these datasets in Kaggle; and then visualize findings and publish their data stories using Data Studio,” Minhaz Kazi, a developer advocate at Google, and Megan Risdal, product lead at Kaggle Datasets, wrote in a blog post. “Since there is no cost to use Data Studio and the infrastructure is handled by Google, users don’t have to worry about scalability, even if millions of people view the dashboard … The hassle-free publishing process means everyone can tell engaging stories, open up dashboards for others to interact with, and make better-informed decisions.”
The integration comes a little over a year after Google’s 
, which was announced in March at the Cloud Next 2017 conference in San Francisco. Google claims that it’s the world’s largest online community of data scientists, with over two million users (up from 1 million in June 2017) and over 10,000 public datasets. Users compete against each other in competitions, testing techniques on real-world tasks for prize pools.
“We must lower the barriers of entry to AI and make it available to the largest community of developers, users and enterprises, so they can apply it to their own unique needs. With Kaggle joining the Google Cloud team, we can accelerate this mission,” Fei-Fei Li, chief scientist of Google Cloud AI and Machine Learning, wrote of the acquisition in an earlier 
.
In the global race to create smartphones and computers, Qualcomm has established itself as a leading developer and supplier of next-generation chips — a position it’s expanding upon today with a new Premium Tier system-on-chip solution, the Snapdragon 855. The company says that the new platform will be the first to commercialize 5G networks with actual hardware, though 5G will notably be an option rather than a mandatory part of this chip.
Some of the new Snapdragon’s features were leaked under both “855” and “8150” names, but 
, Qualcomm has settled on the 855 designation. In addition to confirming that the 855 will be a 7-nanometer chip with a separate, optional 5G modem, today’s official announcement discusses a huge collection of features that weren’t addressed in earlier rumors.
 The Snapdragon 855’s overall wireless theme is “multi-gigabit connectivity.” By default, the chip will include Qualcomm’s X24 LTE modem, making this the first mobile platform with up to 2Gbps cellular speeds — performance that around 90 percent of mobile carriers will be able to achieve. It will also include Bluetooth 5.0 support with up to 2Mbps speeds, as well as dual-frequency GNSS location support.
Snapdragon 855 will also be the first with integrated 
 support for the next generation of wireless routers. Compared with current Wi-Fi devices, Qualcomm says that Wi-Fi 6 will offer up to two times better service efficiency, up to 67 percent better battery efficiency, and WPA3 security. The Snapdragon 855 will also support 802.11ac Wave 2 for superior performance on pre-802.11ax networks.
 OEMs will optionally be able to include a 
 with support for both sub-6GHz and millimeter wave (mmWave) bands, the latter promising up to 20 times faster cellular performance compared with current mobile devices. Snapdragon 855 also supports 
, which Qualcomm is calling “mmWave Wi-Fi,” with up to 10Gbps speeds and “wire-equivalent latency.”
Collectively, these optional features could enable the Snapdragon 855 to power ultra-high bandwidth VR and AR experiences, including volumetric video. The low latency also enables instantaneous collaboration between multiple users linked through the cloud.
 Promising 45 percent faster performance than the 
 — the largest jump in a single Qualcomm generation — the latest Kryo is again 64-bit ARM Cortex-based, now featuring a prime core with up to 2.84GHz speeds, three performance cores at 2.42GHz, and four efficiency cores at 1.8GHz.
Without naming 7-nanometer chip competitors, Qualcomm claims that the 855 outperforms them across a range of the most popular apps, as well as during extended use on continuously demanding tasks. Kryo 485 also includes new AI-specific operations for enhanced AI functionality, and works with 2.1GHz LPDDR4x memory.
 The Snapdragon 855 will feature a redesigned camera pipeline that moves computer vision features directly into the ISP, making this the world’s first computer vision ISP — dual 14-bit CV-ISPs are included in the Spectra 380. Each “CV-ISP includes hardware-based depth sensing which enables video capture, object classification, and object segmentation all in real time in 4K HDR at 60fps,” Qualcomm explains.
As a result, modern depth-assisted image processing will be much faster with one-fourth the power consumption, enabling real-time “video bokeh” effects — computational background blurring while recording 60fps 4K HDR videos with over 1 billion shades of color. AI-assisted camera features will also be possible, including real-time background replacement, body tracking, and object detection.
The Snapdragon 855 will support up to 48-megapixel resolutions at 30FPS for a single camera, with 22-megapixel support for twin cameras at 30FPS. It will also be able to process camera data to support 6 degree of freedom motion tracking for VR and AR headsets.
 Thanks to hardware acceleration for H.265 and VP9, the Snapdragon 855 will be up to seven times more power efficient when playing video, while becoming the first mobile platform to support HDR10+, 120fps 4K, and 8K 360-degree VR/XR video. Video recording will consume 30 percent less power while generating higher-quality results, and cinemagraphs, where an unmoving part of an video is frozen while the rest is moving, will also be supported in hardware.
 The Adreno 640 processor will include a 20 percent increase in performance over the Snapdragon 845, and promises to deliver the “best sustained performance” for gaming: Qualcomm claims that unnamed 7-nanometer competitors fall off in performance after several minutes.
The Adreno 640 will enable the first true HDR gaming on mobile devices, with support for up to a billion shades of color. Vulkan 1.1 is supported, and working with Unity 4, developers will be able to use physically based rendering (PBR, shown above) to replicate the way light reflects off of real world, periodic table-based materials, as well as cinematic post processing effects.
Interestingly, Qualcomm is also saying that the 855 will include custom algorithms that are designed to reduce dropped frames by over 90 percent, as well as various latency-reducing wireless technologies. The result should be much smoother VR and AR gaming, as well as AR and XR app support.
 Unlike competitors that have recently devoted processor blocks specifically to AI, Qualcomm is diffusing its AI capabilities across multiple processing cores — but delivering a total capacity of 7 trillion operations per second. The Snapdragon 855 enables each AI task to be placed on a core that makes sense for its needs — high performance, high or low complexity, or low power consumption.
In addition to an overall AI improvement of 3 times its prior platform, Qualcomm is promising a 1.2 times improvement in its four-thread scalar accelerator, a 2 times improvement in its vector accelerator, and a brand new “beast” of a hexagon tensor accelerator called Hexagon 690. Overall, the system promises twice the AI performance of Qualcomm’s 7-nanometer Android competitor.
The company offered several examples of how the improved AI feature will work in practice. Representatives of 
 said that they worked with Qualcomm to bring on-cloud computer vision algorithms to the Snapdragon 855’s AI engine, enabling on-device text recognition without need to send data to the internet. Using 5G, Google says that the Snapdragon 855’s AI will be able to perform “AR autocompletion” (above), quickly downloading and correctly placing AR assets into physical spaces.
Qualcomm also demonstrated a single-microphone ambient noise reduction feature that appeared to dramatically improve perceived voice quality, and video color processing that will let users preview changes to their hair color in realtime. In a collaboration with 
, Qualcomm says that it will offer a secure time of flight 3D face scanning feature that can provide bank-quality secure identity authentication.
The Snapdragon 855 Mobile Platform is already sampling to customers and will begin to ship in commercial devices during the first half of 2019. It is expected to be used in smartphones, tablets, and computers from at least 18 device makers throughout the next year, with OnePlus claiming that it will be the 
 — its flagship device for 2019.
Hip hop artist 2 Milly has filed a lawsuit against 
 
. The rapper claims that the studio infringed on his copyright by reproducing his famous Milly Rock dance as an emote in the battle royale shooter. And while law firm Pierce Bainbridge is handling the complaint in the Central District Court of California, 2 Milly also wants to use the court of public opinion to try a U.S. corporation for profiting off of the creation of an African-American.
“I was never compensated by Epic Games for [its] use of the ‘Milly Rock,'” 2 Milly said in statement. “They never even asked for my permission. I am thrilled to have David Hecht and his team at Pierce Bainbridge representing me to help right this wrong.”
In his music video for Milly Rock, the rapper swipes his arms and kicks his legs. It looks like if Elaine Benes from 
 was aware her dance was silly and she also had rhythm. Over the summer, Epic kicked off Season 5 of Fortnite that included the “Swipe It” dance that is an exact re-creation of the Milly Rock.
I’ve reached out to Epic for a comment, and the studio declined the opportunity to make a statement.
The rapper registered the dance for copyright protection in early December. That’s after the dance appeared in Fortnite, but this does not mean 2 Milly would not still get retroactive protections.
So is Epic violating 2 Milly’s copyright? Well, the United States began enabling artists to copyright their choreography in 1976, 
. But that does not protect a dance move. This is similar to music. You can copyright a song, but you cannot copyright a musical note.
To make the argument that Epic is in violation of 2 Milly’s copyright, the Pierce Bainbridge team will have to prove that Fortnite is not “fair use,” the dance is indistinguishable, and the dance is substantial enough to qualify as choreography. And the dance definitely looks exactly like the Milly Rock, so this will likely come down to that choreography question.
But 2 Milly isn’t alone in criticizing Fortnite and Epic Games. The shooter is one of the most profitable entertainment properties in the world right now, and many people believe that it is exploiting the work of African-American artists to acquire cultural cachet.
While 2 Milly is suing, 
actor Donald Faison let fans know that he’s not wild about the game either. Fortnite’s “Dance Moves” emote exactly re-creates a memorable dance that Faison performed in an episode of 
. You can sync up the Fortnite emote and Faison and see that Epic must’ve copied it frame-by-frame.
“If you want to see it, you can play Fortnite,” Faison told fans at the Vulture Festival in November. “Because they jacked that shit.”
Faison confirmed at the time that Epic did not pay him for the use of the dance.
The criticism around this issue has grown louder since Chance the Rapper first brought it to many people’s attention in July.
Fortnite should put the actual rap songs behind the dances that make so much money as Emotes. Black creatives created and popularized these dances but never monetized them. Imagine the money people are spending on these Emotes being shared with the artists that made them
— Chance The Rapper (@chancetherapper) 
In his post to Twitter, Chance touches on the concept of 
 It’s the idea that black people create the culture, and then (typically) white people show up to exploit its as an economic resource. And while Epic’s developers were likely just trying to do something fun for fans, it now has one of the most profitable games in the world. And to the people who are creating the culture that Fortnite is standing on, it just looks like the latest in a long line of exploitative products.
In the past week, two 
 
 unveiled the fate of two Google messaging apps: Hangouts is shutting down in 2020 and Allo is shutting down “soon.” Google has now gone on 
 to explain the plan.
Google Hangouts is not shutting down, but the classic version is being replaced, and Google is not sharing when. All Hangouts users will be transitioned to Hangouts Chat and Hangouts Meet, just like enterprise users have been. In the meantime, Chat and Meet are being actively updated. Meet last week 
.
Google Allo is shutting down in March 2019. Allo features will continue to make their way to (Android) Messages, part of Google’s rich communication services (RCS) strategy.
 was also mentioned today, but nothing is changing there. Unlike Allo, Duo has found a set of loyal users (Google says Duo is one of its “highest rated mobile apps”). Duo now works on Android phones, Android tablets, iPhones, iPads, Chromebooks, and Smart Displays. Today, the app gained the ability to 
.
Allo 
 as Google’s attempt to build 
. The team learned a ton from the effort, but Allo was largely an exercise. It was doomed from the start, and 
 
 
 
 
 
 additions — there was never a focus on growing adoption.
Google 
, but it was clear that the app’s days were numbered. Google had turned its focus to Messages, the default SMS app on Android (unless the carrier decides to change it). Google has so far partnered with over 40 carriers and device makers and says over 175 million Android users now have Messages — a number Allo never even got close to.
So Allo is dead. If you want to save your Allo messages, you can 
 until March.
Messages is Google’s plan to push RCS so that Android phones can offer features like group messaging, IP voice calls, read receipts, and file sharing. The service is powered by the Jibe RCS cloud (
).
That’s the dream, anyway. Plenty of Android phones don’t use Messages by default or don’t have it at all, phones or carriers or both don’t support it, and there are plenty of different RCS variants. Upgrading SMS and MMS to RCS is a great long-term goal. As I’ve argued before, however, Google shouldn’t be betting everything on RCS, as it can’t support features that other messaging apps do, such as end-to-end encryption.
But with Allo out of the way, Google has more reason to augment Android Messages with Allo features, falling back to RCS if the recipient isn’t using Messages or some other app with RCS support, and to SMS if they’re on an even older device.
Smart Reply, GIFs, and desktop support have already been ported from Allo to Messages. Google Assistant integration is the obvious next step. Indeed, Google dropped that hint today not so subtlety: “We’ve learned a lot from Allo, particularly what’s possible when you incorporate machine learning features, like the Google Assistant, into messaging.”
Google announced in March 2017 that it was splitting the Hangouts platform into two core services: Hangouts Chat, 
, and Hangouts Meet, a Skype-like videoconferencing application. But that left the classic version of Hangouts in limbo, hence news that the app was going away.
We contacted Google last week for some clarification. First we received the standard line about the company not commenting on rumor and speculation.
But then this tweet happened:
Hey 
, I run Hangouts and this is pretty shoddy reporting. No decisions made about when Hangouts will be shut down. Hangouts users will be upgraded to Hangouts Chat and Hangouts Meet. Your source is severely misinformed. You can do better.
— Scott Johnston (@happyinwater) 
So we asked again, and Google sent over this statement:
In March 2017, we announced plans to evolve classic Hangouts to focus on two experiences that help bring teams together: Hangouts Chat and Hangouts. Both Chat and Meet are available today for G Suite customers and will be made available for consumer users, too. We have not announced an official timeline for transitioning users from classic Hangouts to Chat and Meet. We are fully committed to supporting classic Hangouts users until everyone is successfully migrated to Chat and Meet.
Now, Google is adding a tiny bit more. G Suite users who have Hangouts Chat will be able to include people from outside of their organization “in the coming months.” Google did not say when, but it did share that Chat and Meet “will be made available for existing Hangouts users, too.” Overall though, Hangouts will continue to have an enterprise focus, just across two apps.
So in summary, Android Messages and Google Duo for consumers, Hangouts Chat and Hangouts Meet for enterprise. But of course enterprise users can use the former two and consumers will soon be able to use the latter two.
You may have noticed that 
 is throwing around Microsoft’s hefty wallet. 
 
 
 to shore up its first-party game development. And Spencer explained that he earned the right to do that because Microsoft’s executive team is more interested in gaming than ever.
Spencer was on stage today for a discussion at the Barclays Global Technology, Media, and Telecommunications Conference in San Francisco. And he explained that Microsoft’s gaming division generated more than $10 billion in revenue for the first time during its 2018 fiscal year. Gaming ended that 12-month period as 9.4 percent of Microsoft’s total revenue. And surpassing that threshold turned some heads inside Microsoft.
“Amy Hood, our CFO, she likes to tell me I’ve made ‘the spreadsheet,'” Spencer said during a fireside chat (
). “So she’s going to pay attention.”
Of course, Microsoft has had a gaming division since the Xbox debuted in 2001. But it has operated in something of its own silo until Spencer joined Microsoft chief executive officer Satya Nadella’s executive team in 2017. Quickly after getting that promotion, Spencer began flexing his muscles as the leader of a core pillar of Microsoft’s business.
“We’ve acquired and started seven new first-party studios in the last year,” said Spencer. “We obviously don’t do that without tremendous support from Satya and Amy.”
And the seven new and acquired studios are different from the big-time bets that Microsoft made before its current strategy. In 2014, 
. And Microsoft would only make deals on that scale because that’s all the executive team cared about. But now that Spencer is free to spend some money on his own, he’s making smaller, more strategic deals.
“We understand content is a critical component of what we’re trying to build,” said Spencer. “And the support from the company has been tremendous.”
During his time onstage, Spencer explained that he has sold Nadella and Hood on gaming. The company has morphed from an operating-system developer to a services provider, and Spencer talked about how gaming could act as a backbone for the growth of services like the cloud.
Spencer spoke to one of the more obvious opportunities, which is marrying Xbox’s successful Netflix-like Game Pass subscription with its upcoming Project xCloud streaming platform.
“We’ll have multiple business models that will work with streaming, but the connection of streaming with the subscription model makes a ton of sense,” said Spencer. “You see it in music. You see it in video. So you can look at Project xCloud and you can look at something like Game Pass, and you can see there’s natural synergies.”
Spencer once again reiterated that the future of Xbox platforms looks more like Game Pass than a console. While a new Xbox is coming, Microsoft wants to find a blue ocean of new gaming fans.
“For us, it’s all about how we reach 2 billion gamers,” said Spencer. “If you build the market around a couple hundred million people who are going to own a game console or a high-end gaming PC, then your business-model diversity can actually narrow because your customers are narrow. But when you think about reaching a customer with this content where their only compute device could be an Android phone, you think about, well, what are all the ways that person pays for content if they do at all today?”
And this is Spencer looking beyond the current fight in game distribution. Fortnite developer Epic Games announced its own PC-gaming store this week. It joins massively popular communications platform Discord in launching a market this year. But Microsoft is thinking about all of the people who don’t buy games at all.
Spencer wants to give them a comparable experience and an instant library for $10 per month.
And the thing about Microsoft is that it is one of a few companies with the cloud-infrastructure and game-development know-how to make a cloud-based Game Pass system work.
Sony also has the know-how, and it has a cloud-gaming business in PlayStation Now. But Sony does not have cloud servers all over the world. It also doesn’t seem as keen on making its current games available on platforms outside of the PlayStation 4.
And Nintendo’s focus is on selling Switch units, which is going for a slightly different blue ocean by making games available to anyone and anywhere.
That leaves Microsoft an opportunity to lead on cloud-based subscription gaming, and it is going to seize that chance.
(
) — The daughter of Chinese tech giant Huawei’s founder has been arrested in Canada and is facing extradition to the United States, dealing a blow to hopes of any easing of Sino-U.S. trade tensions and rocking global stock markets.
The shock arrest of Meng Wanzhou, who is also Huawei Technologies Co Ltd’s [HWT.UL] chief financial officer, is riling authorities in Beijing and raises fresh doubts over a 90-day truce on trade struck between Presidents Donald Trump and Xi Jinping on the day she was detained.
The arrest is related to violations of U.S. sanctions, a person familiar with the matter said. Reuters was unable to determine the precise nature of the violations.
The arrest and any potential sanctions on the world’s second biggest smartphone maker could have major repercussions on the global technology supply chain. Shares in Asian suppliers to Huawei, which also counts Qualcomm Inc and Intel among its major suppliers, tumbled on Thursday.
Meng, one of the vice chairs on the company’s board and the daughter of company founder Ren Zhengfei, was arrested on December 1 at the request of U.S. authorities and a court hearing has been set for Friday, a Canadian Justice Department spokesman said. Trump and Xi had dined in Argentina on Dec. 1 at the G20 summit.
Sources told Reuters in April that U.S. authorities have been probing Huawei, the world’s largest telecoms equipment maker, since at least 2016 
 in violation of U.S. export and sanctions laws.
Huawei confirmed the arrest in a statement and said that it has been provided little information of the charges, adding that it was “not aware of any wrongdoing by Ms. Meng”.
She was detained when she was transferring flights in Canada, it added.
China’s embassy in Canada said it resolutely opposed the arrest and called for Meng’s immediate release.
In April, the sources told Reuters the U.S. Justice Department probe was being run out of the U.S. attorney’s office in Brooklyn.
The U.S. Justice Department on Wednesday declined to comment. A spokesman for the U.S. attorney’s office in Brooklyn also declined to comment.
The arrest drew a sharp response from Chinese media and on the mainland’s social media.
“I am shocked. The U.S. can’t beat Huawei in the market. Don’t act like a despicable rogue,” tweeted Hu Xijin, editor of the Global Times, a nationalistic tabloid run by the ruling Communist Party’s People’s Daily.
Jia Wenshan, a professor at Chapman University in California, said the arrest was part of a broader geo-political strategy from the Trump administration to counter China and it “runs a huge risk of derailing the U.S.-China trade talks”.
A user of China’s Twitter-like Weibo platform said Chinese should boycott products made by U.S. tech giant Apple Inc and instead buy Huawei products to show support for one of China’s national champions.
The probe of Huawei is similar to one that threatened the survival of China’s ZTE, which pleaded guilty in 2017 to violating U.S. laws that restrict the sale of American-made technology to Iran.
Earlier this year, 
, which then 
.
In January 2013, Reuters reported that Hong Kong-based Skycom Tech, which attempted to sell embargoed Hewlett-Packard computer equipment to Iran’s largest mobile-phone operator, had much closer ties to Huawei than previously known.
Meng, who also has gone by the English names Cathy and Sabrina, served on the board of Skycom between February 2008 and April 2009, according to Skycom records filed with Hong Kong’s Companies Registry.
Several other past and present Skycom directors appear to have connections to Huawei.
The news about the arrest comes the same day Britain’s BT Group said it was removing Huawei’s equipment from the core of its existing 3G and 4G mobile operations and would not use the Chinese company in central parts of the next network.
Huawei has said it complies with all applicable export control and sanctions laws and U.S. and other regulations.
Meng’s arrest drew a quick reaction in Washington.
U.S. Senator Ben Sasse praised the move and said that it was “for breaking U.S. sanctions against Iran.” He added: “Sometimes Chinese aggression is explicitly state-sponsored and sometimes it’s laundered through many of Beijing’s so-called ‘private’ sector entities.”
U.S. stock futures and Asian shares tumbled as news of the arrest heightened the sense a major collision was brewing between the world’s two largest economic powers, not just over tariffs but also over technological hegemony.
Shares of Huawei suppliers slumped on Thursday as investors fretted over the arrest. Samsung Electronics fell 2.3 percent, while Chinasoft International sank as much as 13 percent.
Two years ago, Mark Zuckerberg donned a VR headset at Mobile World Congress against a backdrop that read “the next platform.” It sparked fervor and 
 in the VR space. But in the past year, many critics have 
, as headset sales 
 and buzzy technologies like blockchain and AI debut as the new starlets in town.
And yet, as an immersive ad serving technology working closely with brands, publishers, and producers, we have seen the demand for VR/AR marketing solutions accelerate, even amidst the supposed slump of VR. A year ago we served 100 million VR ad impressions. This year, we’ve served over 1 billion.
As we set out to show how immersive advertising beats traditional digital advertising, we learned a few lessons along the way. Here are our three key learnings from serving 1 billion VR/AR ad impressions.
A year ago, our top goal was identifying how VR could best be applied to brands’ marketing objectives. We learned that brands investing in VR care most about 1) deep audience engagement and 2) audience reach.
This still holds true today, but brands are now expecting real ROI from their investment into this medium. A year ago, it was easier to convince brands to try VR as a trendy innovation test. Now, the trial period is over and a clear explanation of VR’s contribution to meeting (and exceeding) marketing objectives is needed for brands to continue to invest. It is important to not only sell VR, but to sell solutions that meet customers’ business objectives.
It is easy to say that VR performs, but it is an entirely different equation when it comes to proving it. Advertising technology for digital media has become a precise science over the past 20 years. As such, brand’s expectations regarding the accuracy of what is reported is extremely high (and rightfully so). It is not enough to simply create a piece of VR content. Brands need to know how many people saw, engaged, watched and ultimately converted as a result of their investment into this content.
This is how brands and their agencies currently operate. As an industry, we will scale faster if we can fit into our client’s existing campaign operations. This means that as a provider that serves VR ads, we not only report on Viewability, Completion Rate, and Engagement Rate, but we also ensure we can reliably compare how a 360-degree VR ad performs to what our clients are currently running in 2D formats, using standard metrics.
To prove the uplift of VR ads over 2D in an accurate and client-friendly way, we take the following approach:
We do this for all of our campaigns.  And the results are clear: 360-degree VR ads outperform 2D.
Above: Performance of 360 degree ads
To further understand these results, we ran ads with different fields-of-view: 90 degrees, 180 degrees, and 360 degrees. And we noticed something interesting. As the field-of-view broadened, CTRs and engagement time increased. This means that the bigger the content sphere, the more engaging (and immersive) the content is. With this we clearly and indisputably meet brand objective No. 1: deepen audience engagement.
We also tested performance across different verticals and media segments to see if we could replicate these results.
Above: Consistent engagement with 360-degree ads.
We found that this uplift in performance is consistent across all industries and use cases. In all industries, the same client and campaign will see greater performance from immersive ads compared to the 2D creative they typically run.
And this is why our business in particular has seen 
. Customers like Universal Pictures, Travel Nevada, Clorox, Cathay Pacific, The Home Depot, and Disney Broadway have launched multiple VR ad campaigns. These are examples of companies that are not only want creative innovation, but require performance results to continue to invest in this medium.
We’re seeing a shift coming but it will take some work to guarantee it. 
 into digital advertising; 99 percent of this spend is going into 2D experiences, even when the data clearly shows that consumers are more engaged with 3D content. It’s the VR industry’s job to prove and communicate this.
In addition to performance and deepening audience engagement, we can’t forget about ensuring reliability in our technology solution.
Remember the days when Internet Explorer, Firefox and Chrome all rendered the same website in a different way? Distributing VR content across all platforms and browsers faces a similar challenge today. It’s like a rewind back to Web 2.0, except worse. Today, the modern web era includes mobile web browsers like Safari, a variety of Android browsers, and embedded web viewers inside mobile native apps. Each environment has its own restrictions, which VR must overcome.
No brand wants to deliver a broken experience to their audience because of these restrictions. We needed to address this fragmentation to make sure we met brand objective No. 2: audience reach. If the audience needs to download an app and/or receives a broken experience when trying to access the VR content, than brands cannot maximize their content’s reach.
We found that even YouTube’s 360-degree video player doesn’t work on iPhone (even with the newest Safari and iOS) nor on many Android browsers.
Above: YouTube’s 360-degree video doesn’t work on iPhone
As such, we tailored our 3D graphics rendering technology to ensure high audience engagement across all browsers, web and mobile. To be successful in bringing innovation to customers, it is critical to have your product work seamlessly where audiences are today.
In any new exciting industry, there will be a lot of new players and noise. While anyone can speak to their capabilities, the best way to convince a brand or agency to commit their dollars to your product is a live demo on their devices. Customers need to see it to believe it. We found that talking about the promise of our solution wasn’t enough. This is especially applicable in VR and AR, where most companies are very new and the customer is not yet familiar with their product.
This is why every new product needs a live demo before for the sales and marketing pitch begins. This may sound like common sense, but if you do a quick review of most VR and AR startups you will see that more than 90 percent only have marketing material on their landing page with no live demo or self-service product to experience.
Our first customer in the US, The New York Times, 
 because they could first try a live demo of our ad solution. After an engineer validated the technology, they reached out with confidence that we were the right partner for their VR advertising needs.
Live demos are critical to show not tell the magic of immersive content and we found we had to do this for every ad format available in the industry today. Here are a few examples:
Above: Interactive 360-degree video
 
Above: In-headset VR ads
 
Above: AR web formats
 
Above: 3D photo ads
As we gear up to serve our next 10 billion ads, we’re looking forward to sharing more updates, continuing to learn from others, and reporting back on more lessons learned and the growth of this industry.
Autonomous machines aren’t of much use without a management layer to orchestrate them. San Diego startup 
 offers one such solution, dubbed BrainOS, which combines off-the-shelf hardware, sensors, and software to provide “brains” for industrial and commercial robots. And business is growing at a steady clip, evidenced last year by a $114 million funding round led by SoftBank’s Vision Fund and Qualcomm Ventures and a partnership with floor cleaning company Tennant.
Today, in another sign of Brain Corp’s expansive ambitions, the eight-year-old company announced that it has entered a relationship with Walmart to supply the retailer’s stores with artificial intelligence (AI) services.
This builds on a pilot program involving BrainOS-powered floor scrubbers in Walmart locations across the U.S. John Crecelius, Walmart’s vice president of central operations, said he expects to have 360 machines in stores by the end of January 31, 2019.
“We’re excited to work with Brain Corp in supporting our retail operations and providing our associates with a safe and reliable technology,” Crecelius said. “BrainOS is a powerful tool in helping our associates complete repetitive tasks so they can focus on other tasks within role and spend more time serving customers.”
BrainOS — the brainchild of computational scientists Dr. Eugene Izhikevich, who serves as CEO, and Dr. Allen Gruber, executive vice president — is tailored to the needs of original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) whose robots operate in fulfillment centers, airports, and big-box retailers like Walmart. To that end, its mapping and navigation algorithms are optimized for congested indoor locations with obstacles and tight corridors.
It’s scalable — BrainOS devices coordinate with one another over on-premises and cloud networks, downloading new configuration files and updates to the robots as they idle. And it’s relatively simple to deploy. A learn-by-demonstration feature “teaches” managed machines to perform tasks automatically based on manual operations.
One of Brain Corp’s flagship products is EMMA (Enabling Mobile Machine Automation), a prototypical showroom robot that packs sensors, cameras, 4G LTE connectivity, and routing algorithms that allow it to learn its way around a store quickly. It has been tested in Jimbo’s grocery stores around San Diego.
When Izhikevich spoke to VentureBeat this fall, he said the bulk of the company’s current work is focused on getting BrainOS deployed on Qualcomm Snapdragon mobile chips. Brain Corp also intends to partner with robotics startups to “expand [BrainOS] into applications beyond floorcare” — specifically in the areas of materials handling and store operations.
“We are thrilled to partner with Walmart to enhance customer experience at its retail locations,” Izhikevich said. “BrainOS technology allows robots to effectively and safely function in complex, crowded environments, ensuring increased productivity and efficiency across applications. We look forward to continuing to work alongside Walmart to help build intelligent, connected stores.”
Brain Corp previously raised $11 million, and it employs a staff of more than 200 people.
Google Play 
 the year’s top content across apps, games, movies, TV and books for 2018.
Based on results from the Google Play store on Android devices, the top app was Drops: Learn 31 new languages, and the top game was PUBG Mobile.
For the first time, Google added a new “Fan Favorite” category, giving users a chance to vote for their favorite game, app and movie of the year. YouTube TV was the top fan app, and Avengers: Infinity War was the top fan movie. PUBG Mobile also won for fan favorite game.
Of course, Epic Games’ Fortnite was missing from the list because Epic chose to skip the Google Play store (and its 30 percent fee) and enable Android users to side load the game from Epic’s own web site.
Check out Google Play’s full lists below for this year’s most loved content in the U.S. You can also discover all of the lists on the 
.
Here are last 
 for the sake of comparison.
Social casino game giant 
 announced it has completed its acquisition of 
, the Berlin-based maker of casual games. We heard the price was more than $100 million.
Playtika will pick up nearly 190 employees in the deal, and it will keep the entire team and its leader, Jens Begemann, who founded Wooga in 2009 and helped ride mobile games as it became a $70 billion industry. Playtika isn’t saying how much it paid.
Wooga rose to prominence in mobile games on the strength of casual titles like Diamond Dash and Bubble Island. After an ill-fated expansion into hardcore games, the company contracted via 
 and focused on its core strength: story-based casual games like 
 and Pearl’s Peril. In those games, players solve puzzles and find objects hidden in scenes.
Above: Jens Begemann, the CEO of Wooga, at the company’s colorful Berlin headquarters.
Herzliya, Israel-based Playtika, meanwhile, was founded in 2010 by 
, CEO, and Uri Shahak. The company’s Slotomania game was a hit, and gambling company Caesars Interactive bought the company at a valuation of $150 million in 2011. Slotomania still generates about $20 million to $22 million a month, according to a report by analyst firm Eilers & Krejcik Gaming.
“We see great opportunities for Playtika in the casual games genre and our acquisition of Wooga firmly positions us for this next phase of our evolution” said Antokol in a statement. “Playtika’s strengths in implementing live-operations, advanced AI and performance marketing at-scale will serve as a global springboard for Wooga’s creativity in ideating and developing winning story-led titles. Together we’ll bring audiences worldwide a whole new level of game experiences that never cease to captivate and amaze. The Wooga team is driven and passionate, has strong leadership and we’re thrilled to have them join the Playtika family.”
Playtika shot to the top of the social casino games market, where it has a No. 1 market share with 28.6 percent of the total market and $372 million in third-quarter revenue, the analysts said. They noted that Playtika is more than twice the size of its nearest competitor, Aristocrat.
It’s no surprise that Playtika itself was acquired for a second time by a consortium led by 
 in 2016.
Above: Jens Begemann, the CEO of Wooga, at the “Wall of Fame,” where even canceled games are honored.
The Wooga acquisition marks a significant step in the execution of Playtika’s diversification strategy into a new genre of games. Following the acquisition, half of Playtika’s titles will be casual games.
Playtika’s expansion into new game genres began in October 2017 with its acquisition of casual games company Jelly Button Games, which has since seen twelve-fold revenue growth.
The companies said that Wooga will combine strong creative and story-driven capabilities together with Playtika’s data-driven personalization, live-operations and performance marketing expertise.
“This is an amazing day for Wooga. Becoming part of Playtika is opening the next chapter in the history of our company”, said Begemann, in a statement. “It is a very natural fit for both parties: we have the expertise in creating and launching story-driven casual games, Playtika has the technologies to help us scale and reach new audiences to continue our growth.”
Above: Robert Antokol, CEO of Playtika.
Playtika has 22 million monthly active users playing its titles, and it now has more than 2,000 employees in 12 offices, including Tel-Aviv, London, Montreal, Chicago, Las Vegas, Santa Monica, Buenos Aires, Tokyo, Kiev, Bucharest, Minsk, Dnepr, and Vinnitsa.
In an email, a spokesperson for Playtika said, “We feel a strong connection between the two companies — sharing similar values and a similar culture — which is essential for integrating Wooga successfully into Playtika. Additionally, Wooga’s location will give us access to the amazing talent hub in Berlin.”
Wooga said it finished its turnaround and it will be easier to compete while being part of a larger company. Wooga also said in an email, “VCs typically invest for a limited time and would have wanted to sell their shares in the next years. Instead of having that constantly looming over us, it was the right decision to now partner with a new owner that will grow with us.”
Wooga’s product portfolio will continue to stay the same.
Rolls-Royce has publicly demonstrated what it calls the “world’s first fully autonomous ferry” on a trip between Parainen and Nauvo in Finland.
The British company 
 with Finnish state-owned Finferries back in May, revealing plans to “optimize ship safety and efficiency” through developing and demonstrating autonomous ferry technologies.
The first fruits of this project — which is called SVAN (Safer Vessel with Autonomous Navigation) — have been revealed today after the team conducted around 400 hours of trials in the Turku archipelago using an adapted 53.8-meter Falco car ferry.
“Today’s demonstration proves that the autonomous ship is not just a concept, but something that will transform shipping as we know it,” said Rolls-Royce’s president for commercial marine Mikael Makinen, in a 
.
The ferry is loaded with myriad sensors, meshed with artificial intelligence (AI) software to help it identify and avoid objects in its immediate vicinity.
Traveling from Parainen to Nauvo, the Falco ferry operated completely autonomously, but the return journey was controlled remotely from a command center 50 kilometres away in Turku, demonstrating that the ship can be commandeered by a human if required.
Above: Falco ferry
Additionally, Rolls-Royce and Finferries demonstrated an “auto-docking” system that basically enables the ferry to alter its speed and course when it’s coming into port.
“Today marks a huge step forward in the journey toward autonomous shipping and reaffirms exactly what we have been saying for several years, that autonomous shipping will happen,” Makinen added. “The SVAN project has been a successful collaboration between Rolls-Royce and Finferries and an ideal opportunity to showcase to the world how ship intelligence technology can bring great benefits in the safe and efficient operation of ships.”
While rarely a day goes by without self-driving cars making the headlines, there has been a quiet push to bring autonomy to other modes of transport, 
, 
, and, indeed, sea-faring vessels.
Back in 2016, 
 of an autonomous unmanned warship called Sea Hunter, which was developed by research agency DARPA, while the following year a new 
 called the Yara Birkeland was announced out of Norway — though it isn’t expected to go into full operation without a crew until 2020. A few months back, the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NNTU) also 
 of a tiny electric driverless passenger ferry.
Elsewhere, Rolls-Royce recently 
 as part of a grand plan to bring self-guided cargo ships to the world’s seas by 2025.
With technology and automotive giants 
 and Volvo 
 on their self-driving car smarts, we are now starting to see the early commercial implementations of all that groundwork. Last month, for example, Volvo announced its 
 will be used in the mining industry, while 
h an autonomous taxi service with no human in the driver seat.
These efforts will undoubtedly continue to raise concerns about implications for human employment, but the technology and automotive companies share a core counter-argument: safety.
“As a modern ship owner, our main goal in this cooperation has been on increasing safety in marine traffic, as this is beneficial for both the environment and our passengers,” added Finferries CEO Mats Rosin. “But we are also equally excited about how this demonstration opens the door to the new possibilities of autonomous shipping and safety.”
Nvidia researchers have made a generative model that can create virtual environments using real-world videos from sources like YouTube — a way of generating graphics that could have implications for the future of gaming and AI.
“It’s a new kind of rendering technology, where the input is basically just a sketch, a high-level representation of objects and how they are interacting in a virtual environment. Then the model actually takes care of the details, elaborating the textures, and the lighting, and so forth, in order to make a fully rendered image,” Nvidia VP of applied deep learning Bryan Catanzaro told VentureBeat in a phone interview.
The system was trained using 
 from Baidu’s autonomous driving project. Sketches of where to find things — like trees, buildings, cars, and pedestrians — are input to the model.
The method is detailed in a paper titled “Video-to-Video Synthesis” authored by Catanzaro, other Nvidia researchers, and an MIT CSAIL student.
The model could make it possible to quickly generate synthetic environments for training reinforcement learning agents or help people who are playing games feel like they’re in the same location.
“Imagine if you could play as yourself in a video game. And just from a  cell phone video that you took, that was enough information to add your character as yourself, as the knight in shining armor that’s going off to do some great deed,” he said. “Nvidia’s been working on graphics for a long time, so we’re really excited to bring graphics into the AI era and use AI to generate graphics, where we learn how things work from videos of the real world, and then can synthesize content based on that knowledge.”
The system is able to take into account things like the location of objects, relationships between objects, and maps to define the edges of objects.
Nvidia will demo videos and share additional details of the technique at the Neural Information Processing Systems conference (NeurIPS, formerly NIPS) being held this week in Montreal.
The team at Nvidia was initially inspired to take this approach by the work of Alexei Efros and other researchers at University of California, Berkeley, and by their creation of the 
. Nvidia 
 in response, working in tandem with AI practitioners from UC Berkeley.
Earlier this year, UC Berkeley researchers also produced 
.
“I think this is the first interactive AI rendering, and we’re really proud of the progress we’ve made. But it is early stage, and I think there’s going to be a lot of progress to make the output higher quality and more general so that we can handle more kinds of scenes. And so I’m really excited about where this is going to go in the future,” Catanzaro said.
Nvidia today unveiled the 
, a desktop graphics processing unit (GPU) capable of 130 teraflops of compute power for deep learning and 11 GigaRays a second of ray tracing. Nvidia is also referring to the chip as T-Rex.
The RTX is 
, which made its debut in December 2017 and was able to achieve 110 teraflops of compute power, and the 2016 release of the 
.
While the Titan V uses the Volta  and Titan X is a Pascal-based chip, the RTX is built with Turing architecture, an approach introduced in August that uses Turing Tensor Cores and works with FP32, FP16, INT8, and INT4 units.
“Turing is Nvidia’s biggest advance in a decade — fusing shaders, ray tracing, and deep learning to reinvent the GPU,” Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang said in a statement shared with VentureBeat. “The introduction of T-Rex puts Turing within reach of millions of the most demanding PC users — developers, scientists, and content creators.”
This year’s Nvidia hardware designed to equip researchers and developers includes the 
.
The T-Rex made its debut today on the first day of the NeurIPS 2018 conference being held in Montreal. At the event, Nvidia researchers also shared a method to create 
, which could have implications for reinforcement learning and gaming.
In other Nvidia news, last month a decline in cryptocurrency mining and a missed earnings target led to a 
.
Just days after 
 
, Samsung made an interesting 
 in partnership with U.S. carrier Verizon: The companies plan to release “one of the first commercial 5G smartphones” in the first half of 2019, apparently powered not by Samsung’s own chipset, but instead by Qualcomm’s Snapdragon platform, including its X50 5G modem.
Today’s announcement is significant because Samsung has been working on its own 5G technologies, 
, and was a major contributor to the 
 that was finalized late last year and earlier this year. Yet Verizon indicates that Samsung will be showing a “proof of concept” device this week, using Qualcomm’s upcoming flagship mobile platform, antenna modules, and related components.
The use of Qualcomm parts simultaneously reflects the San Diego company’s apparent strength in the emerging 5G chip market and the continued struggles of even its largest rivals to miniaturize the high-speed mobile chips. Facing thermal and battery issues with its first 5G chips, chief rival Intel recently 
 of a second-generation 5G chipset that is expected to be used in 
. Chinese developer Huawei has shown 
 to work around its own 5G modem’s thermal issues. By comparison, numerous companies have signed up to use Qualcomm’s parts.
Above: The South Korean 5G launch included a video call using this 
, which may or may not be the same “proof of concept” device planned for show this week.
Verizon says that its mobile 5G service “will go live in early 2019 and expand rapidly.” The company is already offering 
 in Houston, Indianapolis, Los Angeles, and Sacramento, with 
, approaching its 1Gbps peak.
Samsung’s 5G phone is unlikely to be the first mobile device on Verizon’s network. Verizon previously announced that 
, a Snapdragon X50-equipped 5G backpack, for the 
 in “early 2019.” The Moto Z3 is already available, making the addition of 5G capabilities as easy as snapping the accessory onto the back of the existing phone.
. Tile. Protag. There’s practically a bottomless selection of Bluetooth trackers these days, and it’s no wonder. In the course of one year, Tile sold 2 million units of its original $25 smart tracker. And some analysts predict that by 2023 the Bluetooth tracker market will be worth 
.
But not every startup’s growth has mirrored the wider upward trend line. Santa Barbara, California-based TrackR, which made an app and geolocating devices that helped users find keys, wallets, bags, and other essentials, in January laid off 
 of its staff after raising $63 million from Amazon’s Alexa Fund, Docomo Capital, Foundry Group, and former AOL chief Steve Case’s Revolution Growth. Now, months after the restructuring, TrackR has undergone a rebranding — it’s been rechristened Adero — and moved away from smart trackers in favor of a platform it’s calling an “intelligent organization system.”
“Smart devices were supposed to make our lives better, but we’ve discovered over the past decade that connecting anything and everything possible to the internet is adding to our burden instead of alleviating it,” said Adero CEO Nate Kelly, who stepped in for TrackR cofounder Chris Herbert earlier this year. “More apps to manage, more devices to keep an eye on, more cords to untangle — it’s too much.”
Adero’s two-part system comprises smart tags and “taglets.” The former adhere to bags, carry-on bags, backpacks, gym bags, and containers, while the latter stick to items stowed inside of those packs, such as wipes, headphones, laptops, and passports. The smart tags communicate with taglets and alert users through Adero’s smartphone app (currently for Android, with iOS support forthcoming) via a notification when they accidentally leave something important behind.
“Adero is giving your essentials awareness and intelligence to keep track of themselves so you don’t have to,” Kelly said.
It’s more sophisticated than it sounds. Within the aforementioned app, folks can schedule reminders to pack a valuable or grab a bag on certain days of the week and can create a “smart container” for groups of taglet-tagged things that go together (for instance, keys and a wallet).
Taglets and smart tags are fairly capable in their own right. Smart tags sport a button that, when pushed, switches on an embedded LED light that glows red if a bag’s missing something and green if everything’s present and accounted for. They have rechargeable batteries that last up to two months. And both smart tags and taglets are water-resistant, while taglets are waterproof.
Adero’s making smart tags and taglets available in two SKUs, the first of which launches on December 3. The $120 Adero Starter Kit comes with three smart tags, adhesive cases, key rings, lanyards, taglets, and a smart tag charger. The $200 deluxe kit, which will be available in the coming weeks, will ship with five smart tags, key rings, lanyards, plus nine taglets and a single smart tag charger.
Adero’s locating platform certainly sounds compelling, but $120 is a steep price of entry, considering that three of TIle’s recently launched Tile Pros can be had for $105. The Tile Pro also has the advantage of a longer-lasting battery (with a quoted 12-month battery life), and it offers a comparable reminder feature — Smart Alerts — that triggers a notification and text message when users leave it behind in a geofenced area.
There’s no question that Adero is at a market disadvantage compared to competitors, some of which have inked deals with partners to build their tech into third-party devices. Tile, for example, has or is working on products with Comcast, Herschel, Bose, and Blunt Umbrellas and claims that it’s sold more than 15 million devices to date, accounting for 95 percent of the market in the U.S.
But Kelly contends that Adero’s family of products satisfies an as-yet unaddressed consumer demand: smart trackers that “know” everything that’s inside a bag or carrying case — and everything that isn’t. He cited studies suggesting that up to 47 percent of people regularly leave home having forgotten something essential, and 66 percent of people with children — one of Adero’s target demographics — lose things on a daily basis.
“We’re transferring the anxiety from you to our system of tags, effectively telling them to ‘take care of this bag’ and ‘take care of the essentials in this bag’, freeing your mind to focus on what matters most,” Kelly said.
It doesn’t hurt that Adero brought in $10 million in a funding round this July, giving it the capital it needs to roll out its new lineup.
Though the wearable revolution has largely focused on placing health sensors in wristbands, Singapore’s government is backing a project to produce heart-tracking shirts — notably at more aggressive prices than existing alternatives. Assisted by Singapore’s Ministry of Trade and Industry, startup 
 and textile producer Tex Lane trialed a “smart T-shirt” prototype with around 100 runners this weekend, 
 reports, and plan to sell a finalized version in mid-2019.
KaHa’s shirt is promising an affordable way to measure electrocardiograms (ECGs), heart rate, and calories burned during exercise, features that otherwise would require a smartwatch such as the 
. The price for KaHa’s solution will supposedly be only 20 to 30 percent more than a standard athletic T-shirt, which could place it in the sub-$150 range.
A key challenge for KaHa and Tex Lane is developing a solution that’s both washable and accurate. In order to make sure the shirt’s heart-monitoring electrodes continuously make contact with your body, the companies developed a two-layer shirt that is internally tight on your skin, while looking like a runner’s t-shirt from the outside. Used for other populations, alternate versions could take the form of corporate uniforms, or regular shirts for senior citizens and children.
The prototype shirt uses a breathable fabric to reduce the wearer’s temperature during exercise, and it has a gray stripe at the bottom where a small plastic housing connects to the electrodes. This housing uses Bluetooth to sync collected data to a user’s phone, which can display ECG data and the resting heart rate interval, flagging abnormalities if they’re detected.
Channel News Asia found that the prototype’s electrodes began to peel off after one wash, but the final version is expected to survive 100 washes — a differentiator from earlier health-monitoring shirts. Prototype testers described the tight inner layer as needing design improvement but praised the ECG’s accuracy for reflecting heart rate variance.
It remains to be seen whether the KaHa design will actually take off in the marketplace, but if the company can deliver on its promised pricing, it has a shot. KaHa’s shirt frees you from needing to wear a wristband, but it may modestly constrict your upper torso in the process and force you to carry a smartphone for monitoring. By comparison, the Apple Watch Series 4 can provide similar ECG monitoring from your wrist, and its cellular model can even go phone-free, but at higher price points. It also requires country-by-country regulatory approval, but KaHa’s system likely will, too.
Users interested in trying a similar system today can look to 
, which has been selling a larger and fairly expensive alternative for iOS and Android users 
. Shirts including the company’s heart, respiration, and sleep tracking hardware range from $399 to $499.
A funny thing happens when people start to use Wheelie, an AI system that translates facial expressions into movements for motorized wheelchairs, said to 
 CEO Paulo Gurgel Pinheiro.
“The facial expression to move forward is a kiss, so when the users [first] perform a kiss, their wheelchair starts to move forward, and they feel so happy that they start to smile, but a smile is to stop the wheelchair, and so the wheelchair stops,” he said.
The Wheelie kit uses the Intel RealSense 3D camera to add facial expression control to any motorized wheelchair and was first conceived through research by Pinheiro and others 
. Today, trials are underway for an initial batch of 60 users in the United States.
On average, Pinheiro said, users travel roughly half a mile a day and send more than 400 signals to the system.
Wheelie is made primarily for people who lack the ability to move their body below their face or neck, and it can recognize up to 10 facial expressions — like a wrinkled nose or brow, a kiss, a wink, or raised eyebrows.
Each user can decide which expression they prefer as a signal to move forward, backward, right, or left.
“Most of our users like to use a kiss to move forward because it’s a positive expression and it’s easy to remember. Most of them like to use tongue out to go backward,” he said. “But to stop, they prefer to use a smile, so it can be a shy smile, full smile, half-smile … I don’t know why, but they like to use a smile to stop the wheelchair,” Pinheiro said.
Other wheelchairs have been made for people without the ability to move their body below their face or neck, but these have often involved the 
.
The initial findings and plans for the future of Wheelie were shared today, which is 
 and the first day of the NeurIPS conference in Montreal.
The facial expression recognition system and sensors to detect things like spasms and delirium are also being used in trials at Albert Einstein Hospital in São Paulo, Pinheiro said.
“If you have a facial recognition system company right now, it’s not enough to only deal with facial recognition if you are not detecting human behaviors,” he said. “We believe that in the future, many medical device and a lot of health care applications will have some kind of facial recognition software to detect facial expressions and predict human behavior.”
In addition to use of the RealSense camera, Wheelie relies on 
 and Core processors. Hoobox has received support from the Intel AI for Social Good initiative.
Created in April, the AI for Social Good initiative at Intel seeks to support startups and projects looking to solve a variety of problems. Thus far, the initiative has supported historical preservation efforts for the Great Wall of China, and it is participating in a competition between 
.
“The National Spinal Cord Injury Statistics Center says there are approximately 288,000 people in the U.S. living with spinal cord injuries and about 17,700 new cases every year. And different studies have shown that physical mobility can have the largest impact on the quality of life for people with these injuries. And they often rely on motorized wheelchairs or caregivers to move them around,” Intel AI for social good lead Anna Bethke told VentureBeat in a phone interview.
Hoobox isn’t alone in using artificial intelligence to enable people with disabilities to live more independent lives.
Automated wheelchairs 
, while Ming Liu from Hong Kong University and the IEEE Robotics and Automation Society is working on 
. Using a series of sensors and computer vision, Liu’s lab has made systems that can automatically climb stairs.
A number of startups and companies with backgrounds in robotics are also attempting to make 
.
      
    
  
SAN FRANCISCO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 3, 2018–
      
 releases Integrity, the largest, most representative and       timeliest healthcare map of the US which traces the healthcare journeys       of over 295M patients.    
      Integrity overcomes the lag, biases and lack of population stability of       traditional data providers by combining hundreds of longitudinal,       all-inclusive payer data sets including Medicare, through QECP       accreditation by 
.    
      “Healthcare has been challenged by a lack of ground truth. For so long,       we’ve had to work with poorly sampled and incomplete clinical encounter       data sets that are non-contemporaneous,” explains Dr. Meghan Dierks,       Head of Clinical Informatics for Harvard Medical Faculty Physicians.       “Integrity is our ground truth – it provides high quality,       context-specific data to inform decision making and will help healthcare       stakeholders deliver better outcomes for patients.”    
      Founded in 2014, Komodo Health has spent the past four years building a       comprehensive and real-time view of how healthcare is practiced across       the US. Komodo Health’s Integrity brings significant transparency to       healthcare behaviors, costs and outcomes across care settings to improve       patient lives.    
      “We believe that the best data is needed to achieve the best outcomes,”       says Dr. Arif Nathoo, CEO of Komodo Health. “Integrity tells the story       of our healthcare system and is the foundation to develop Artificial       Intelligence products that will reduce the global burden of disease.”    
      To learn more about Komodo Health’s Integrity and suite of Artificial       Intelligence products that are empowering healthcare organizations to       improve patient outcomes, visit 
    
      Andreas Ferstad
Komodo Health
(646) 450-2315
    
As any data scientist will tell you, datasets are the lifeblood of artificial intelligence (AI). That poses an inherent challenge to industries dealing in personally identifiable information (e.g., health care), but encouraging progress has been made toward an anonymized, encrypted approach to model training.
Today at the NeurIPS 2018 conference in Montreal, Canada, Intel announced that it has open-sourced 
, a tool that allows AI systems to operate on sensitive data. It’s a backend for 
, Intel’s neural network compiler, and based on the Simple Encrypted Arithmetic Library (
), an encryption library Microsoft Research also released in open source this week.
The two companies characterized HE-Transformer as an example of “privacy-preserving” machine learning.
“HE allows computation on encrypted data. This capability, when applied to machine learning, allows data owners to gain valuable insights without exposing the underlying data; alternatively, it can enable model owners to protect their models by deploying them in encrypted form,” Fabian Boemer, a research scientist at Intel, and Casimir Wierzynski, Intel’s senior director of research, wrote in a blog post.
The “HE” in HE-Transformer is short for homomorphic encryption, a form of cryptography that enables computation on ciphertexts — plaintext (file contents) encrypted using an algorithm. It generates an encrypted result that, when decrypted, exactly matches the result of operations that would have been performed on unencrypted text.
HE is a relatively new technique — IBM researcher Craig Gentry developed the first fully HE scheme in 2009. And as Boemer and Wierzynski note, designing AI models that use it requires expertise in not only machine learning but encryption and software engineering.
HE-Transformer aids in the development process by providing an abstraction layer that can be applied to neural networks on open source frameworks such as Google’s TensorFlow, Facebook’s PyTorch, and MXNet. It effectively eliminates the need to manually integrate models into HE cryptographic libraries.
HE-Transformer incorporates the Cheon-Kim-Kim-Song (CKKS) encryption scheme and addition and multiplication operations, such as add, broadcast, constant, convolution, dot, multiply, negate, pad, reshape, result, slice, and subtract. Additionally, it supports HE-specific techniques, like plaintext value bypass, SIMD packing, OpenMP parallelization, and plaintext operations.
Thanks to those and other optimizations, Intel claims that HE-Transformer delivers state-of-the-art performance on 
 — learned neural networks that can be applied to encrypted data — using a floating-point model trained in TensorFlow.
“We are excited to work with Intel to help bring homomorphic encryption to a wider audience of data scientists and developers of privacy-protecting machine learning systems,” said Kristin Lauter, principal researcher and research manager of cryptography at Microsoft Research.
Currently, HE-Transformer directly integrates with the nGraph compiler and runtime for TensorFlow, with support for PyTorch forthcoming. Deep learning frameworks that are able to export neural networks to ONXX — such as PyTorch, CNTK, and MXNet — can be used by importing models into nGraph in ONXX and exporting them in a serialized format.
Boemer and Wierzynski said that future versions of HE-Transformer will support a wider variety of neural network models.
“Recent advances in the field have now made HE viable for deep learning,” they wrote. “Researchers can leverage TensorFlow to rapidly develop new HE-friendly deep learning topologies.”
 announced today that it has acquired the Carmageddon franchise from developer Stainless Games.
THQ Nordic is building itself up as a large midsized publisher. This trend started in 2013 when the company bought the THQ name and its IP when that publisher went bankrupt. THQ Nordic has been bringing in both modern franchises like 
 and forgotten series like 
 and 
.
Carmageddon is a car combat/racing franchise. That genre is almost dormant these days. The first Carmageddon came out for PC in 1997. It had two sequels, 1998’s Carmageddon II: Carpocalypse Now and 2000’s Carmageddon: TDR 2000, before going quiet. A reboot, Carmageddon: Reincarnation, came out inn 2015.
THQ Nordic just had one if its biggest releases yet with the November 27 launch of 
. Darksiders was one of the first major “dead’ franchises that the studio began working on.
 
The recipe for proteins — large molecules consisting of amino acids that are the fundamental building block of tissues, muscles, hair, enzymes, antibodies, and other essential parts of living organisms — are encoded in DNA. It’s these genetic definitions that circumscribe their three-dimensional structure, which in turn determines their capabilities. Antibody proteins are shaped like a “Y,” for example, enabling them to latch onto viruses and bacteria, and collagen proteins are shaped like cords, which transmit tension between cartilage, bones, skin, and ligaments.
But protein “folding,” as it’s called, is notoriously difficult to suss out from a corresponding genetic sequence alone — DNA contains only information about chains of amino acid residues, and not those chains’ final form. In fact, scientists estimate that because of the incalculable number of interactions between the amino acids, it would take longer than 13.8 billion years to figure out all the possible configurations of a typical protein before identifying the right structure.
Fortunately, it’s a job fit for artificial intelligence (AI). Google subsidiary 
 this week announced AlphaFold, an AI system designed to predict protein structures more precisely than prior state-of-the-art solutions. It’s the product of two years of work, DeepMind researchers wrote in a blog post, and builds on years of genomics research.
“Over the past five decades, scientists have been able to determine shapes of proteins in labs using experimental techniques like cryo-electron microscopy, nuclear magnetic resonance, or X-ray crystallography, but each method depends on a lot of trial and error, which can take years and cost tens of thousands of dollars per structure,” the team wrote. “Fortunately, the field of genomics is quite rich in data, thanks to the rapid reduction in the cost of genetic sequencing. As a result, deep learning approaches to the prediction problem that rely on genomic data have become increasingly popular in the last few years.”
Above: Predicted protein structures compared to the ground truth.
The DeepMind team focused on the problem of modeling target shapes from scratch and used two methods to construct predictions of full protein structures. Specifically, their AI system’s deep neural networks — layers of mathematical functions that imitate the behavior of neurons in the human brain —  are able to estimate the distance between pairs of amino acids and the angles between the chemical bonds that connect those amino acids.
One neural network in AlphaFold predicts the distribution of distances between pairs of amino acid residues in a protein by repeatedly placing pieces of a protein structure with new protein fragments. A generative model creates new fragments, which are used to continually improve precision. The probabilities are combined into a score that estimates the accuracy of a proposed structure, which a separate neural network evaluates using all distances in aggregate.
AlphaFold handily outguns competing solutions in terms of performance. It beat 98 competitors in the Critical Assessment of Structure Prediction (CASP) protein-folding competition in Cancun, where it successfuly predicted the structure of 25 out of 43 proteins. (The second-place system could only predict three protein structures.) More impressively, it managed to forecast its first protein structures in a matter of hours — magnitudes faster than previous systems.
Improving the scientific community’s understanding of protein folding could lead to more effective diagnoses and treatment of diseases such as Parkinson’s and Alzheimer’s, the DeepMind team noted, as these are believed to be caused by misfolded proteins. And it could aid in protein design, leading to protein-secreting bacteria that make wastewater biodegradable, for instance, and enzymes that can help manage pollutants such as plastic and oil.
“It’s exciting to see these early signs of progress in protein folding, demonstrating the utility of AI for scientific discovery,” the researchers wrote. “Even though there’s a lot more work to do before we’re able to have a quantifiable impact on treating diseases, managing the environment, and more, we know the potential is enormous. With a dedicated team focused on delving into how machine learning can advance the world of science, we’re looking forward to seeing the many ways our technology can make a difference.”
 chief executive officer Bo Andersson Klint has stepped down and resigned from the company’s board of directors following the disappointing launch of 
,  
 reports.
Last month, 
 that the Swedish company cut costs. Starbreeze is facing insolvency, and it has filed for reconstruction with the Stockholm District Court.
“The decision is based on a shortage of liquidity and deemed to be a necessary step to give the company the time needed to negotiate a long-term financial solution and implement changes in the organization and operations,” Starbreeze said in a statement posted by GamesIndustry.biz.
Klint had been CEO since 2013. Mikael Nermark will be Starbreeze’s acting CEO until a replacement for Klint is found. Nermark has acted as a deputy CEO for the company in the past.
Overkill’s The Walking Dead came out on November 6 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC. The cooperative shooter has players fighting together to survive zombie-infested levels. Despite the attachment of the popular IP, the game has struggled to find an audience.
Chinese smartphone giant Huawei has launched a new Android app that leverages AI tools such as image recognition and optical character recognition (OCR) to translate popular children’s books into sign language.
 was developed in a collaboration between Huawei, the nonprofit 
, Penguin, and animation gurus Aardman.
The app is available to 
 and Huawei’s own AppGallery in 10 European markets from today. While it officially works on most phones with Android 6.0 and over, Huawei said it is optimized for its own AI-infused phones, such as 
.
Given that sign language varies from country to country, the app asks you to choose your preferred sign language variant. At launch, StorySign will support sign language in British, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Dutch, Portuguese, Irish, Belgian Flemish, and Swiss-German.
Above: Select your sign language
When you’re in the main section of the app, the first thing you’ll probably notice is that there is only one book supported at launch — 
, the classic children’s story published by Eric Hill in 1980.
And this hints at one of the app’s core problems — it feels like it has launched a little prematurely. Unless you have a physical copy of 
 you won’t be able to use this app.
Above: StorySign: There is only one book available at launch
If you do have the book, you or your kid can hold your phone up to the pages, and the avatar — called Star — will sign out the words in real time as you flip the pages.
Above: Where’s Spot? Huawei’s StorySign app
Using image recognition technology, the app is able to detect words even if the phone is positioned at an awkward angle in relation to the book, while OCR enables greater accuracy, according to Huawei.
“At Huawei, we believe in the power of AI and that technology can make a positive difference in the world,” said the company’s Western Europe CMO, Andrew Garrihy. “We created StorySign to help make it possible for families with deaf children to enjoy an enriched story time.”
On the surface, the StorySign app holds a great deal of potential — there are some 460 million people with “disabling hearing loss” globally, 
 the World Health Organization (WHO), of which 34 million are children. Against that backdrop, an app such as StorySign could offer millions of early learners the chance to enjoy books before they are able to read standard written text themselves. But it would be infinitely more useful if it worked with 
 book in real time.
Indeed, a scenario where you could translate anything from the
 to 
 into sign language would be a pretty powerful display of AI. Offering support for just one book at launch feels a little scant, and the fact that it has to roll out support on an incremental book-by-book basis makes it just a little underwhelming.
However, alongside a bunch of other recent initiatives, StorySign does provide further evidence of how technology could help bridge the gap between the hearing and non-hearing worlds.
Earlier this year, students from New York University 
 that meshes augmented reality (AR) and machine learning to translate both ways between sign language and written English. And last year the University of California, San Diego 
 that transforms sign language into text.
StorySign fits into that broader exploration — and lays a foundation for future developments.
“We’re very hopeful that it will make a significant impact in the deaf community, helping more deaf children learn how to read at the same level as hearing children,” added Mark Wheatley, executive director at European Union of the Deaf. “We also hope the launch of StorySign will support a wider conversation about ensuring equality in every aspect of their lives for deaf people across Europe.”
With almost 
, and more than double that by 2020 — not to mention the countless devices that have downloaded Alexa and Google Assistant — companies are going to have to start reckoning with voice and chatbot platforms.
And that means being willing to take risks, says Matthias Keller, chief scientist and SVP of technology at travel giant Kayak. The company is now on every major voice platform, he says. It recently launched a new suggested “Travel Plans” Siri shortcut at WWDC, and became a launch partner with Amazon for their new display language and reminders for Alexa. It’s pioneering a wide array of potential new customer-grabbers, he says, but voice and chat is rich but uncharted territory.
“Not everything you do here is going to work,” Keller says. “You’re going to start something and you may realize a year later, or even earlier, that it just makes no sense. But you have to start early on with understanding these platforms, understanding how they fit with your business.”
The space is maturing — if you design for Alexa now, there are countless webinars and consultants and tutorials.There are somewhere between 50,000 and 100,000 skills now, Keller says, and it’s fairly easy to build another one to add to the pile.
But working out what it means to be conversational, what customers want, and what customers are willing to do via voice chat is still in flux, and the risk is that nobody really understands the space fully yet.
“What’s maybe missing right now is skills that do something that can truly only be done on voice,” he says. “A lot of skills are things where a web page could do the same thing, in a way. It’s great that this information is now hands-free, but I think there’s the challenge of really thinking about what makes sense on voice and what doesn’t. It’s definitely true that some tasks are just too complex.”
Jumping into the space now means being willing to take the risk, and also willing to iterate out of all these failures that come simply from being in that early front — not being able to access what everyone else has done because you’re the first one doing it, he says.
“There’s a benefit of having all these learnings and being ahead of the others,” he says, “but that also calls for extra effort.”
What Kayak finds most exciting about voice is that it’s an opportunity to be closer to its users, as devices get more powerful and displays become integrated, enabling the company to continue to add new skills and avenues for users to explore.
They started with questions like, ‘where can I go for $500?’ and various other flight and hotel price searches, but have been continuously adding content, such as alerts when flights land, reminders set against a moving target, and slideshows and city guides for the users who have devices with a screen.
“Right now we’re focusing on using voice devices to interact with our brands before we go into deeper use cases that are more complicated,” he explains. ” We’re looking for ways to always make it more interesting and make it more sticky, and we’re confident that there is a future coming up where you can buy on the device and pay with Amazon.”
Right now it’s a non-monetizing channel, and the company’s paid marketing is still focused these days on getting users to their monetized channels, but the early adopters, the cutting-edge technologists, are out there, using their voice assistants for more than telling Google or Alexa or Siri to play a music track. Consumers are getting more and more accustomed to their devices and voice interaction as these tools gain greater market penetration, and Kayak is just beginning to explore the potential use cases.
“I understand everyone who wants to book a really complex trip on a real computer with a real screen, not on a phone or on Alexa,” he says. “But there are so many other different things that can be done with a bot, with voice, with a smart speaker, with a mobile phone.”
To learn more about the risks — and big benefits — of being an early adopter, the growing potential of trusted AI voice assistants, and how to use voice and bots to create powerful user engagement, don’t miss this VB Live event!
Don’t miss out!
While 
 latest report on wearables highlights continued growth in international demand, largely coming from the resurgent basic wearables category, rather than premium smartwatches. Chinese device maker Xiaomi saw 90.9 percent year-over-year growth in the third quarter of 2018, becoming the world’s leading wearables vendor by shipments and overtaking Apple as Fitbit remained in third place.
Xiaomi’s growth in shipment volume to 6.9 million units is attributable to two factors: the 
 and expansion beyond China, where the company has historically done most of its sales. In the third quarter, only 61 percent of Xiaomi’s shipments were to China, down from over 80 percent in typical quarters, as sales expanded further into Europe, India, and the Middle East/Africa territories — ideal areas for affordable wearables.
By contrast, Apple opted to release the 
 at a higher price than before and declined to drop an earlier Series 1 or Series 2 model down to the sub-$200 price point that might dramatically expand its marketshare. Even so, price reductions on the Series 3 enabled Apple’s shipments to jump 54 percent to 4.2 million units, though its 13.1 percent market share by shipment volume trailed Xiaomi’s 21.5 percent.
Fitbit saw a 3.1 percent decline in shipments from the year ago quarter, hitting 3.5 million units, thanks largely to sales of its 
 smartwatch. In fourth place, Huawei jumped over 20 percent to 1.9 million units, thanks to its 
 B5 combination Bluetooth earpieces and fitness trackers, while Samsung saw great 91 percent growth to 1.8 million units — due in part to the 
 but more to aggressively priced Gear S3 and Gear Fit devices.
“Many of the new basic wearables include features like notifications or simple app integrations that bleed into smartwatch territory,” explained IDC senior analyst Jitesh Ubrani. “This has helped satiate consumer demand for more capable devices while also maintaining average selling prices in a market that faces plenty of downward pressure from low-cost vendors and declining smartwatch pricing.”
However, Ubrani suggests that Apple’s and Fitbit’s recent health initiatives, including those requiring regulatory approval, are creating a wall for smartwatch makers that smaller vendors of basic wearables will struggle to climb. IDC expects holiday growth will come from the large Chinese market, where there’s continued demand for basic wearables, while the slowing U.S. market will see demand for more fully featured premium wearables — both for new users and as replacements for old devices.
The global smartphone market’s continuing on a slow but steady uptick. That’s according to research firm Gartner, which today published a report showing that in Q3 2018, handset sales grew 1.4 percent to reach 389 million units.
Shipments were led by Chinese brands Huawei and Xiaomi, the former of which saw demand for its devices grow 43 percent. In fact, according to Anshul Gupta, research director at Gartner, smartphone sales to end users would have declined by 5.2 percent if the vendor’s list hadn’t included Huawei and Xiaomi.
Samsung fared rather poorly, on the other hand, experiencing the largest year-over-year decline since Gartner began tracking smartphone sales globally. Shipments of the Galaxy S9, S9+ and Note 9 and other flagship handsets declined 14 percent in Q3 2018, and the company’s mid-tier lineup faced stiff competition in developing markets from Chinese brands and others.
Still, Samsung maintained pole position in the third quarter, with an estimated 18.9 percent of the overall market (down from 22.3 percent in Q3 2017). Huawei came in second with a 13.4 percent share (down from 9.5 percent), followed by Apple with 11.8 percent, Xiaomi with 8.5 percent (from 7 percent), Oppo with 7.9 percent (from 7.7 percent), and others, like Motorola, Nokia, and TCL, with 39.6 percent (from 41.6 percent).
“Led by low-price smartphones, enhanced camera features, and high-quality resolution displays, top Chinese mobile phone manufacturers boosted their sales across emerging markets in the third quarter of 2018,” Gupta said. “The gap between Samsung and Huawei continues to shrink, as Huawei expands aggressively by investing in branding and distribution in the emerging markets of the Middle East, Asia/Pacific, and Africa. Huawei is, for example, aggressively positioning its affordable Honor series smartphones to drive the shift from feature phones to smartphones in those markets.”
Meanwhile, Apple’s performance was flat in Q3 2018, with an estimated 0.7 percent growth.
“Apple’s iPhones are facing a saturated premium smartphone market, with slowing growth rates and increased competition in China,” Gupta said. “Apple’s new flagship smartphones, announced in September, will be key to defining Apple’s overall iPhone unit sales in 2018.”
Gartner’s forecast jibes with a 
 earlier this month claiming that Apple has ordered “a second wave of order reduction in the wake of weaker-than-expected sales for its new iPhones,” forcing revenue shortfalls and layoffs at suppliers. That news — along with concerns over an impending import tax that could affect Chinese-assembled Apple products — sent the company’s stock tumbling, contributing to a 20 percent decline in its market capitalization from the record-breaking $1 trillion it reached in August.
According to Gartner, new technologies — such as 5G and foldable phones — will spur the next wave of market demand. The firm expects that 5G mobile device sales alone will total 65 million units in 2020.
Real-time captions and subtitles are heading to PowerPoint and Skype, the company today revealed in a 
 of 
Apple’s 
 hasn’t won much praise for the capabilities of its integrated digital assistant Siri, but it does have one undeniably impressive feature: the ability to accurately hear a user’s commands from across the room, despite interference from loud music, conversations, or television audio. As the company’s 
 explains today, HomePod is leveraging AI to constantly monitor an array of six microphones, processing their differential inputs using knowledge gained from deep learning models.
One of the biggest challenges in discerning a user’s commands over ambient noise is overcoming the HomePod itself: Apple’s speaker can perform at very high volumes, and its microphones are immediately adjacent to the noise sources. Consequently, the company explains, there’s no way to completely remove the HomePod’s own audio from the microphones — only part of it.
Instead, Apple used actual echo recordings to train a deep neural network on HomePod-specific speaker and vibration echoes, creating a residual echo suppression system that’s uniquely capable of cancelling out HomePod’s own sounds. It also applies a reverberation removal model specific to the room’s characteristics, as measured continuously by the speaker.
Another interesting trick uses beamforming to determine where the speaking user is located, focus the microphones on that person, and apply sonic masking to filter out noises from other sources. Apple built a system that makes judgments about local speech and noise statistics based solely on the microphones’ current and past signals, focusing on the speech while trying to cancel out interference. It then trained the neural network using a variety of common noises that ranged from diffuse to directional, speech to noise, so that the filtering could apply to a large number of interference sources.
Above: Apple HomePod can answer questions about music, but it couldn’t answer or make phone calls until a 
.
HomePod’s other impressive capability is determining which of multiple speaking people is the correct target for commands, to steer the beamforming mics and isolate noise. One trick is using the required “Hey Siri” trigger phrase to determine who and where commands are coming from, but Apple also developed techniques to separate competing talkers into individual audio streams, then use deep learning to guess which talker is issuing commands, sending only the stream focused on that talker for processing.
The Machine Learning Journal’s entry does a great job of spotlighting how AI-assisted voice processing technologies are necessary but not sufficient to guarantee a great experience with far-field digital assistants. While all of the techniques above do indeed yield quick, reliable, and accurate Siri triggering, HomePod’s limited ability to actually respond fully to requests was a frequent target of complaints in reviews. If there’s any good news, it’s that the issues appear to be in Siri’s cloud-based brain rather than in the HomePod’s hardware or locally run services, so server-side patches could dramatically improve the unit’s functionality without requiring users to buy new hardware.
SAN FRANCISCO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 3, 2018–
      
, a futuristic blockchain-technology based       conference, research destination, and collaborative event hosted by 
, will officially take place on Jan 11, 2019, at Marriott       Marquis in San Francisco, California.    
      Emphasizing academics in the blockchain space, 
 will gather the most authoritative blockchain professors       around the world, the public chain projects with the most advanced       technology, and technical experts, to discuss the most cutting-edge       blockchain academic research, problems, and solutions. By including       keynote speeches and panels covering topics from research to       application, the conference will explore the next big opportunity in the       blockchain industry.    
      
 will be divided into two tracks: an academic track and a       business track.    
      
 will focus on academic discussions, mainly led by       professors, scholars, and blockchain core developers, who will bring the       most cutting-edge academic and technical sharing. The guest list       includes Vitalik Buterin, Creator of Ethereum; Dawn Song, Professor at       UC Berkeley and CEO & Co-founder of Oasis Labs; Elaine Shi, Associate       Professor at Cornell University, Co-founder of IC3 and Thunder Token;       Ronghui Gu, Professor of Columbia University and Co-founder of CertiK;       Kevin Sekniqi, Chief Protocol Architect of Ava Labs, PhD at Cornell       University; and Bharath Ramsundar, Co-founder and CTO of Computable       Labs, just to name a few.    
      
 will focus on industrial applications, mainly led by       the heads of the enterprise blockchain research, investors and       entrepreneurs, who will bring the analysis of the current scientific       research and venture capital. Guest speakers includes Mic Bowman,       Principal Engineer at Intel Labs; David Tennenhouse, Chief Research       Officer at VMware; Aaron Cai, Head of Tencent Blockchain; Justin Herzig,       Global Blockchain Research Lead at Accenture; Ashley Lannquist – Project       Lead for Blockchain, World Economic Forum; and other blockchain projects       heads and research leaders.    
      “The short-term wealth-making effect brought by cryptocurrencies does       have a huge influence, but it is only a splash in the development of       blockchain technology. In the face of the bear market, the academic       circle of blockchain is actually on the rise,” said Peter Qin, COO of SV       Insight. “We want to add more academic value to the blockchain space.”    
      In addition, 
 also 
 in the field of blockchain to the majority of       researchers. The authors of excellent papers will have the opportunity       to participate in the exclusive closed-door meeting and engage in a       fierce thought collision with the professors and scholars.    
      For more information, please go to 
.    
      Echo Zhang
    
 continues to draw in more people than ever with free content. That led to yet another huge spikes in downloads for the month to 2,255,888. That’s up from 
. While many people are downloading the free promotional worlds and experiences, that should get people used to the idea of using the store. And creators could see even more sales in the future as a result.
As with September, a lot of the free content in October came from The Minecraft Team’s MineCon Earth fan event. That’s where the developer introduced its Grid Runners mode. It’s also where Jigarbov launched the free MineCon Earth version of Abstraction. On top of those, The Minecraft Team also launched the Purple Parrot Party Palace, which is also free.
So the download numbers continue to climb for the Marketplace. We’ll have to see if that increases spending.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
See you again soon.
Video ads that reward app users or gamers for viewing increased significantly as a form of monetization for mobile apps in the U.S., according to a 
 (here’s 
) by mobile ad monetization firm 
.
These “rewarded videos” saw a significant increase in the past year when it comes to generating a high effective cost per mille (eCPM), the effective cost for every thousand ad impressions, 
 said in its second annual In-App Ad Monetization Performance Index.
The report identifies the top-performing ad networks for mobile ads. In the U.S., the top rewarded video ad networks were Unity Ads, AppLovin, and Tapjoy.
Mobile app developers and publishers are starting to rely on ads more to generate income, but to do it right, they need the right ad monetization strategies, Appodeal said. That includes investing in a variety of types of ads such as rewarded videos, banners, and interstitials.
The U.S. continued to lead with the highest eCPM performance results. In the U.S., rewarded video eCPMs increased significantly, with an average of $13.75 on iOS and $12.01 on Android, while banner and interstitial eCPMs received slight increases to their high-performing results from last year.
Rewarded videos also emerged as a top performer in Western Europe, with an average of $5.77 on iOS and $2.95 on Android. The region also experienced an increase in interstitial eCPMs, and saw banner eCPMs increase on iOS while trending down on Android.
Above: Appodeal’s data on the U.S. market for in-app ad monetization.
Perhaps most notable was the growth rate in East Asia, where rewarded videos received a significant bump in eCPMs on both iOS and Android — averaging at $12.32 and $5.43, respectively. The report looked at 51 billion impressions from 33,000 apps and 60-plus ad demand sources in five different regional markets over six months.
Rewarded videos are user-initiated ads where users can earn in-app rewards in exchange for viewing a video ad.
Rewarded video debuted a mere few years ago, but Appodeal said it has quickly become popular in the ad tech market. New offerings by major players like Google AdMob and Facebook contributed significantly to eCPM growth; however, the inability to serve rewarded videos more frequently is one key barrier as it limits revenue potential.
Overall, interstitials generated the most revenue in all regions (except iOS in South America). Since these full-screen ads can come in the form of a static image, video, or interactive rich media (that is, playable ads), interstitials can be quite flexible as a happy medium between banner ads (with low eCPMs, but high frequency), and rewarded video (with high eCPMs, but low frequency).
Despite being one of the oldest ad formats and having the lowest eCPMs, banners continued to be an important and reliable monetizing ad format thanks to its superior availability of ads and ability to be served frequently or even continuously.
As a result, this format represented about at least a quarter of monetization power share across most regions. In South America, it even made up more than half of the revenue on iOS.
The eCPM trend reports of each ad format can serve as a revenue planning tool. For example, some ad formats’ eCPMs are trending up in certain regions, while some are trending down. Publishers can use this information to make better forecast of what eCPMs they can expect to earn.
 said that 
, the company’s mobile-based multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) title, is going cross platform on Windows and the Mac in early 2019.
Kristian Segerstrale, CEO of San Mateo, California-based 
, said in an interview with GamesBeat that players in any of the versions of 
 — Android, iOS, Windows, and macOS — will be able to play in the same multiplayer game together with “competitive parity” in five-versus-five matches. The cross-platform play started recently as an 
 (with a free skin as a reward).
“We’ve been working really hard to build triple-A games on mobile with touchscreens,” he said. “This year, it became clear to us that gaming is evolving from a platform-specific focus to a universe in the future where gaming is gaming, and you don’t think about the platform first. Fortnite has [been] a good step in this direction where you can play together across platforms.”
Normally, games with PC and mobile versions keep players separated in order to ensure fairness, but Segerstrale said that the team has worked hard to ensure that players will all have a fair chance, and no platform will have an advantage over the other. In Fortnite, mobile gamers are usually outgunned by PC gamers in particular.
“Fundamentally, we have a cross-platform game engine, and so, it is the same game,” Segerstrale said. “We expect to be one of the only games out there with true competitive parity. You can play with your friends, be they on a PC, Chromebook, iOS device, etc., knowing they are all just as competitive.”
Super Evil is also kicking off a strategic partnership with Chinese Internet giant 
, which will support Vainglory’s 4.0 cross-platform launch in China. One of the reasons Vainglory can move to the PC is because the developers upgraded the game from 
.
“We’ve been working on this for the better part of this year,” Segerstrale said. “We’ve always believed in a multi-platform future, but we always thought it was far away.”
Above: Vainglory is a full five-versus-five MOBA on Windows, Mac, and mobile.
While going cross platform is a cool feature, it’s also an admission of failure for Vainglory’s initial approach of trying to gather a massive audience on mobile devices.
I asked Segerstrale if this move was a pivot away from mobile.
“No, not really,” he said. “This year has been in some ways a transition year for us, as we have moved from a three-v-three player game to a full-fledged five-v-five game. What struck us with the success of these large-scale games like [PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds] and Fortnite, for the West in particular, has clearly been a preference for mobile in core games that are cross platform. We believe cross-platform play will be very important for competitive games in the future. We think that is where gaming is heading in the next five to 10 years. It will be very rare to have a multiplayer game that is platform specific in the future.”
Since its launch in 2015, Super Evil Megacorp has tried to make Vainglory into an 
 by shooting for triple-A status in terms of both graphics quality and speed. The game has endured for a while, and Super Evil Megacorp has been able to 
 to sustain it, but it has not gained mass audiences like Tencent’s Arena of Valor.
The company has been able to make big changes — like accommodating spectating, going five versus five, and going cross platform — because the company owns its proprietary cross-platform E.V.I.L. game engine. By tweaking the engine, Super Evil Megacorp can make big changes in the game and upgrade its graphics, controls, and other features.
The game can run at up to 120 frames per second, and the game was originally designed for tablets. In the touch-based title, players continuously mash a finger on the screen to keep attacking other players. It’s a very simple control system. That’s why Segerstrale thinks it will fare well on the PC.
It will be a big test to see if mobile gamers can hold their own against mouse-and-keyboard players in Vainglory.
Above: NetEase will support the cross-platform versions of Vainglory in China.
Vainglory started on iOS and Android as a three-versus-three game. Now, it is five-versus-five cross platform. Segerstrale said console players will be able to join the game by the end of 2019.
In other news, ESP Gaming will be hosting Vainglory’s 2018 World Invitational on December 16 in Los Angeles featuring the very first PC-versus-mobile show match to set the stage for cross-platform competitive play in 2019.
“We are broadening our early alpha, and from Monday onwards, we are in a more mature alpha to invite more players to make it better,” Segerstrale said. “[We’ll] release it more broadly by 2019, and we’ll release it on console by the end of 2019, again with competitive parity.”
Super Evil’s strategic partnership with NetEase will support the cross-platform launch in China.
“Vainglory will be a defining title for cross-platform competitive gaming, and we are committed to work closely with Super Evil Megacorp for the launch of Vainglory 4.0 in China,” said William Ding, CEO of NetEase, in a statement.
Vainglory 4.0 will be available for free on Windows, macOS, iOS, and Android in early 2019. Vainglory 4.0 will feature cross-platform play, a re-worked cross-platform UI, improved communications, new event-based game modes, and much more.
And when it comes to esports, Segerstrale said that players will be able to play the game on the platform they prefer.
Super Evil Megacorp has about 60 employees, which is down from higher numbers in earlier years.
Today is 
. It’s an occasion to promote the well-being of people with disabilities in every aspect of life. AI-based systems are already making a difference, but they are not a panacea. We must be diligent in how we build AI models and adjust if and when things go askew.
In the wake of several examples of 
 in 
, many AI developers are 
 of the need to treat marginalized groups fairly, especially for race and gender. One approach is to 
 used for training AI models, so that all groups are represented appropriately. There are also many ways to check mathematically for bias against a protected group and 
.
But disability is one very important aspect of diversity that has been neglected. The World Health Organization estimates that 15 percent of people worldwide have some form of impairment that can lead to disability. Almost all of us will experience sensory, physical or cognitive disability in our lives. Whether permanent or temporary, this is a normal part of human experience that technology can and should accommodate.
That includes AI systems, but there’s a catch. Disability is different in two fundamental ways from other protected attributes like race and gender: extreme diversity and data privacy.
Disability is not a simple concept with a small number of possible values. It has many dimensions, varies in intensity and impact, and often changes over time. As defined by the United Nations Convention on the Rights of People with Disabilities, disability “results from the interaction between persons with impairments and attitudinal and environmental barriers that hinders their full and effective participation in society.”
As such, it depends on context and comes in many forms, including physical barriers, sensory barriers, and communication barriers. The issues faced by a visually impaired person in navigating a city are very different from those of someone in a wheelchair, and a blind person has different challenges from someone with low vision. What this means is that data describing a person with a disability may look unique. Achieving fairness by building balanced training data sets for AI systems, as AI developers do with other demographics, cannot easily be applied to the diverse world of disability.
One important consequence of having a disability is that it can lead us to do things in a different way, or to look or act differently.  As a result, disabled people may be outliers in the data, not fitting the patterns learned by machine learning. There is a risk that outlier individuals will not receive fair treatment from systems that rely on learned statistical norms.
Compounding the challenge is that many people have privacy concerns about sharing disability information. The Americans with Disabilities act prohibits employers from asking candidates about their disability status during the hiring process. This kind of “fairness through unawareness” aims to let candidates be evaluated based purely on their ability to do the job.
People with disabilities know from experience that revealing a disability can be risky. I recently listened to a group of students discussing the pros and cons of revealing their disabilities when applying for internships. One chooses not to disclose it, believing it will reduce their chances.  Another must reveal his disability so that accommodations can be provided for the application process. A third chooses to disclose by including relevant professional experience at disability organizations in her resume. She argues her disability is an important driver of her experience and talents, and this approach will filter out places where her disability would be seen as a negative.
These examples illustrate both the sensitivity of disability information and some of the reasons data used to train AI systems does not always contain disability information, but may still reflect the presence of a disability. For people with disabilities to contribute their own data to help test or train AI systems may be in the public good, but it comes at personal risk. Even if the data is anonymized, the unusual nature of a person’s situation may make them “re-identifiable.” Yet without disability information, existing methods of testing for and removing bias in AI models cannot be applied.
To ensure AI-based systems are treating people with disabilities fairly, it is essential to include them in the development process. Developers must take the time to consider who the outliers might be, and who might be impacted by the solutions they are developing. For example, a voice-controlled service might impact people with speech impairment or deaf speakers whose voices are not well understood by today’s speech recognition systems. Likewise, an online assessment test based on test times might not be fair to people who use assistive technologies to access the test.
The best path ahead is to seek out the affected stakeholders and work with them towards a fair and equitable system. If we can identify and remove bias against people with disabilities from our technologies, we will be taking an important step towards creating a society that respects and upholds the human rights of us all.
The 2018 State of European Tech report, now in its fourth year, was released today. Assembled by investment firm 
, the report was unveiled today at the 
 tech conference being held this week in Helsinki.
“In another extraordinary year, investment in European tech reached a record $23 billion — up from $5 billion just five years ago. European founders created 17 billion-dollar companies. And in 2018, Europe produced three of the ten biggest venture-backed public listings,” the report reads.
The annual attempt to encapsulate European tech’s biggest issues and opportunities found some positive trends, like tech workers who are resoundingly optimistic about the future and who believe their industry will do more to help address societal challenges than governments. However, roughly half of all women and people of African descent say they have experienced discrimination in the workplace.
Though the 
 about the impact of Article 50, which kicked off the formal process for the United Kingdom to leave the EU, the U.K. and London remain the primary places to find the largest concentrations of investment capital, researchers, and developers in Europe.
The 2018 State of European Tech was compiled with data from partner organizations like CBRE, 
, LinkedIn, London Stock Exchange, and European Startup Initiative.
Among other highlights:
The report also includes a survey conducted in September and October that explores a range of topics with more than 5,000 respondents.
More than 60 percent of respondents said they believe European tech entrepreneurs will do more to address societal challenges than governments, and that the biggest obstacles to becoming are an entrepreneur are that it’s too risky or the lack of funding or ideas.
This year, respondents were also asked about matters of diversity and inclusion, a subject examined for the first time in the report’s history. About 45 percent of women said they have experienced some form of discrimination, and people of African descent were more likely to experience discrimination than not.
There appears to be a gap between perception of how things work at their own company versus the wider tech economy: Roughly 75 percent of respondents said they believe the culture at their own company is inclusive, and nearly 90 percent said they agree diversity is a benefit to company performance, but only 47 percent of respondents said they believe the European tech ecosystem overall is inclusive.
Conversely, a majority of men believe the European tech ecosystem is inclusive, while only 38 percent of women agree — and still fewer female startup founders.
Like in the United States, ventures led by men were most likely to receive backing from investment firms, as all-male founding teams received around 93 percent of the capital and 85 percent of the deals, according to Dealroom.co data.
To help companies address the situation, Atomico also 
.
Among recommendations in the report, the State of European Tech implores the business sector to deepen its connections with the research community and STEM fields in order to compete with major global economic powers. Europe has 1.8 million scientists, engineers, and researchers, followed by 1.5 million in China and 1.3 million in the United States.
“Europe is a research powerhouse. Its prolific research community exceeds that of the U.S. and China, and is flexing its muscle in deep tech. This research prowess can be a strong differentiator for European tech as science and tech further converge. The key to making that happen: knowledge transfer and better links between STEM and startups,” the report reads.
For the second consecutive year, artificial intelligence remains a top area of investment among the fields of deep tech.
More than half of academic or research community respondents to the survey said help accessing capital was among one of the biggest things that could make it easier for them to start their own companies.
The 
 is offline, and Sony is working to get it repaired. This outage is affecting all of Sony’s PlayStation consoles and services. It has 
.
“You may have some difficulty signing in or creating an account on PlayStation Network,” reads an update on the status site. “Our engineers are working to resolve the issue as soon as possible, and we thank you for your patience.”
The PSN outage is affecting all aspects of the service. You will encounter errors trying to load up games, apps, or social tools. While this is obviously an issue for online multiplayer games, people who own digital games are also having trouble loading up primarily single-player experiences.
“You may have some difficulty launching games, applications, or online features,” reads the status site.
On PS4 and other devices, you may also have issues loading up Netflix, PS Vue, and other video-streaming platforms. And this extends to the PC and mobile where you will not be able to access PlayStation Now streaming games.
Kubernetes 1.13 is now generally available as the open source service continues to accelerate its development pace.
In a press release today, the Linux Foundation’s 
, which oversees Kubernetes, said the latest release includes simplified cluster management with Kubeadm, a container storage interface (CSI), and CoreDNS as Default DNS. At just 10 weeks since the last release, CNCF says this is one of the service’s shortest development cycles.
Kubernetes is a foundational part of an effort by CNCF to change the way developers write applications for internet-based services. Cloud-based computing calls for breaking out separate features, or “microservices,” and placing them in containers that have all the necessary pieces for an application to run in one package.
The development philosophy holds that breaking applications into smaller, self-contained units can significantly reduce costs and the time needed to write, deploy, and manage each one.
, originally developed by Google but donated to the Linux Foundation, is used to manage deployment of microservices. In the press release, CNCF notes of the three main features added to Kubernetes 1.13: “These stable graduations are an important milestone for users and operators in terms of setting support expectations.”
 is 
. The publisher announced on Twitter that it will send out the bag to anyone who submits a complaint ticket on its website by January 31.
“We are finalizing manufacturing plans for replacement canvas bags for the Fallout 76: Power Armor Edition,” 
. “If you purchased the CE, please visit [
] and submit a ticket by Jan. 31, 2019. We’ll arrange to send you a replacement as soon as the bags are ready.”
The bag turned into a public relations disaster for Bethesda last week when players started getting the $200 collector’s edition. Despite promising a sturdy-looking “canvas” bag in promotional materials, 
.
In multiple messages to consumers, Bethesda explained that it made the change due to cost and a shortage of canvas material. Cotton, which makes up most canvas, is the subject of import taxes in the trade war between the United States and China. It’s possible those tariffs, which went into effect in July, pushed up the per-unit cost of the canvas bags.
But the problem for Bethesda is that it never alerted its customers to that fundamental change. To avoid a false-advertising complaint from the Federal Trade Commission in the U.S., the company should have given everyone a fair chance to cancel their order. But Bethesda’s website still said “canvas bag” as late as last week.
Bethesda made a bad problem worse in the immediate aftermath when it began offering Power Armor Edition owners $5 of in-game Fallout 76 currency. As many people noted, that was not even enough to purchase the digital canvas bag in the game.
Bethesda must’ve quickly realized that it couldn’t ignore this problem, and it hasn’t. It is now planning to fulfill those orders as originally promised. Bethesda is attempting to appear responsive to how its fans are feeling — even when they are angry.
To get your replacement, you’ll have to 
.
Keep in mind that you’ll need to have a Bethesda account to go through this process. The publisher is also asking that you attach a proof of purchase to your complaint ticket. That can include a scanned receipt or a picture you take with your phone. You’ll also need to write your name, Bethesda username, and email address on that proof of purchase.
Coming up on Fender’s 75th anniversary, the company has gone from the time when Leo Fender introduced the first amplifiers to his musician friends to a company operating in 75 countries, and making guitars used by 80 to 90 percent of artists across all stages and festivals globally, says Evan Jones, CMO of Fender. But when Jones joined Fender three and a half years ago, the company was just getting started integrating its online and offline marketing efforts.
“We have a tremendous relationship with artists, but as much as we have a ton of institutional knowledge, we didn’t have a ton of data,” Jones says. “Early on we commissioned some of the first consumer segmentation work the company had ever done to understand the consumer a bit better.”
They discovered that 50 percent of all new guitars in the last five years at that time had been purchased by women, which, he says, “was a complete shocker to a lot of people in the building,” but spoke to the increasing diversity of their audience, and the opportunity that could come along.
They also learned that about 45 to 50 percent of all the new guitars they sell each year are sold to first-time players, but that 90 percent of the new players would also quit within the first year — so they realized early on that they didn’t have so much of an awareness issue as an abandonment issue.
Looking at what they could do to address that, they had also simultaneously conducted a study to understand how people learn. And the statistics showed that the lessons market was actually about four times the size of the new guitar market globally, and the fastest growing segment of that market was online learning.
“About three years ago, we took all those stats and we established a Fender Digital organization,” he says. “Over the last three years we’ve really focused on doing a couple of things to help shift the company and evolve our growth.”
One is that they’ve shifted nearly all of their marketing from being more trade-based, print-heavy, and transactional to being much more brand-led, digital, and consumer-focused. Second, they built a digital product and engineering team at their headquarters in Hollywood that really owns Fender.com, but has also used the data they uncovered to introduce some new products.
That includes Fender Tune, which is a digital tuning app that’s been downloaded more than three million times in the last two years, Jones says, and Fender Play, an online learning app designed to help new beginners not only learn to play guitar, but also stick with it. Jones calls Play their most important investment now, and the number one growth initiative from the company.
“I think what all of that has done is provided us with a really strong foundation for all of our digital efforts,” Jones says. “As we’ve invested in building our social channels, invested in launching ecom, invested in creating digital assets that we provide to consumers and retailers, we’re also now building a digital product business to stand alongside our physical product business.”
Challenge number one has been going from trade-based to consumer-focused, he says.
“To drive that, we really focused on storytelling, artist marketing, social media, retail, and PR,” says Jones. “As we make this next step from transactionally-based to journey-based marketing, we realize that different segments of consumers want different experiences.”
That strategy includes adding an increasingly essential digital component to their retail sales piece: Fender Academy.
“We recognized that coming into retail for the first time can be a very daunting and intimidating experience for consumers, especially as we learn about how many women have been coming into the ranks of guitar,” Jones says. “With Fender Academy, we wanted to elevate the overall storytelling of sales associates globally.”
It’s an online learning tool specifically designed for sales associates; currently more than 5,000 associates globally across all of their retail locations are now using it. It’s populated every month with new modules, and Fender incentivizes engagement by offering rewards to sales associates, from flyaway packages to a chance to win Fender gear, and gamified it all by allowing associates to see how they rank against other users.
“What we’re finding is that the retailers who have associates using Fender Academy are reporting better sales and better consumer experiences because they’re more educated about every single product we launch,” he explains. “That’s creating a lot of energy on the shop floor, so that when the products come out, not only are the retailers excited for the commercial opportunity, but sales associates are excited to be able to educate customers who come in their stores.”
From a marketing perspective, it’s created a new team within the marketing organization that didn’t exist three years ago, he says, the CRM and acquisition team, which at the end of the day, is going to be responsible for user acquisition, customer acquisition, as well as retention and life-cycle marketing.
“We believe the long-term potential from a business perspective is to generate outsized LTVs for the brand, but we think at a consumer level, there’s tremendous value we can add to everyone’s musical journey if we better understand their needs, how they’re using the products, and what their aspirations are,” Jones adds. “We can start serving them with customized gear that can inspire them and help them progress further in their journey.”
The company has also found a lot of success in connecting digital efforts and experiential marketing, Jones says. They’re looking at both Fender-branded experiences and pop-up events that can complement product launches, or other events that can bring different segments together based on their aspirations. For example, bringing players together who aspire to be performers to learn from each other and from artists and producers Fender has access to. They’re also looking at key moments in the year, whether it’s music festivals or music events, where they can create distinct brand experiences.
“And, quite frankly, we want to continue our commitment to helping amplify the voice of the artist, and also give consumers inspiration to keep playing,” he adds. “I’d say we’re on the front end of the next phase of our marketing development.”
He points to an event they hosted at the beginning of this year in New York, to celebrate the launch of their California Series acoustic guitar line. For the first time ever they reached out on their social channels to invite anyone in the area to the event in New York to hear a live performance and get to be the first to try out the guitars.
“We had people driving in from as far as Ohio for an event in New York City,” he says. “What was really exciting to me is that I’d say 60 to 70 percent of the audience there were women. It was clear that this wasn’t their first time picking up a guitar. They were testing out the guitars, trying them in different amps, plugging them into different pedals, talking about different ways to use them. That was a really positive indicator for us that the brand is alive and well and reaching a whole new audience. As we look into 2019, we believe we have the opportunity to build on that.”
To learn more about how to 
, create customer engagement on every channel, and develop a brand story that lives both online and off, don’t miss this VB Live event!
Apple revealed its list of the top apps, games, and entertainment on the iOS App Store. Donut County took the title of the iPhone Game of the year, while Procreate Pocket took iPhone app of the year. (Check out 
).
Both editorial selections and popular choices are included. Check out the list below.
*preorders available
Audiobook of the year: American Marriage / Tayari Jones — Highbridge, a division of Recorded Books

Best nonfiction: 21 Lessons for the 21st Century / Yuval Noah Harari — RH

Best mystery: Something in the Water / Catherine Steadman — RH

Best thriller: Long Road to Mercy / David Baldacci — Hachette

Best bio/mem: Becoming / Michelle Obama — RH

Best business audiobook: Dare to Lead / Brene Brown — RH

Best healh, mind, body: Girl Wash Your Face / Rachel Hollis — Harper

Best Family audiobook: Rebound / Kwame Alexander — Recorded Books

Best Humor: Calypso / David Sedaris — Hachette

Best Historical fiction: The Great Alone / Kristin Hannah — Macmillan
 (MTG) said it has invested in 11 
 during the past year or so. The Stockholm, Sweden-based MTG made the investments in categories, including online gaming, esports, virtual reality, and augmented reality.
This disclosure makes MTG one the most active investors in the games sector, with a portfolio of gaming content, software tools, live experiences, and retail products.
In June, 
 investors will benefit from the transition of competitive gaming to a professional sport with well-established leagues that capitalize on original content, media rights, and multi-year, multi-territory sponsorship deals.
“We’ve been heads-down, and this is a good time to talk about our investments,” said Scott Rupp, managing director at MTGx USA, in an interview with GamesBeat. “We were getting them done and getting the portfolio to a significant size.”
Goldman Sachs said that between 2013 and 2018, $3.3 billion of venture capital was invested in esports-related startups. In 2018 so far, $1.4 billion was invested, a nearly 90 percent year-on-year increase from the total amount of funding in 2017.
Rupp said the company always wants to make sure it adds value, beyond providing money. It focuses on teams and interesting sectors where the market is changing fast.
“MTG has proved to be an attractive partner for young companies that recognize our values-driven entrepreneurial culture,” said Jørgen Madsen Lindemann, MTG’s CEO, in a statement. “Having a rich history in multi-platform storytelling and having operated a robust media business that has consistently outpaced the industry, we offer entrepreneurs a meaningful partnership and synergy benefits.”
Launched in November 2017, MTG’s $30 million VC fund is targeting minority investments in five to 10 innovative companies a year. Rupp said one of the reasons the company launched the fund was that there weren’t a lot of active investors who came back over and over again to invest in games.
Rupp said game entrepreneurs are “exceptional human capital and you have to be there when they are getting started. We did see a big gap in the market, and there were not enough mainstream VCs supporting game investments. There was a gap in the capital markets in moving the companies from A rounds to B, to C, and then to exit.”
MTG’s portfolio of gaming startups includes:
Above: Scott Rupp is managing director of MTGx USA.
MTG has also made smaller investments in companies like 
, an esports nutrition company; 
, an esports learning app; 
, a leader in voice-controlled games for smart speaker platforms like Amazon Echo and Google Home; and 
, a live-streaming app for mobile gameplay.
“The gaming ecosystem is made of many platforms, original titles, publishers, leagues, teams, influencers, and tech, and MTG is assembling the most promising players in this sector under one roof,” said Arnd Benninghoff, head of MTG Games and Esports, in a statement. “Our portfolio of international companies strikes a healthy balance of credible and high-potential companies, that have turned their passion into successful enterprise”.
In June 2017, MTG bought GameStop’s digital games division, 
, for $55 million. Since that time, MTG has focused on both Europe and the U.S.
“That’s our sweetspot for our pipeline and deal flow,” Rupp said.
While there has been a lot of activity with games and cryptocurrency or blockchain, MTG hasn’t made an investment in that category. Rupp said the company is looking at blockchain but is not actively investing in any startups in that category yet.
He said the growth of VR’s installed base disappointed some. But he said it may be worth a look again as it is becoming more viable for developers.
“We are not too far off for the opportunity for VR game developers to be looking better,” Rupp said. “We are not unique in being excited about location-based VR. The sweet spot there is for gamified, replayable experiences. We invested in Nomadic for that reason, as they are super thoughtful on those things.”
As for augmented reality, he said it will enable new gaming genres. Those who get there early and figure it out can do really well, he said. He said the company’s first investment in AR will be coming soon.
Modern Times Group is traded on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
A year ago, Microsoft announced its 
 initiative, pledging to bring broadband to 2 million rural residents in the U.S. by 2022 through unused TV white spaces. Today, Microsoft president Brad Smith said in a phone interview with VentureBeat that the project is running ahead of schedule and the company now expects to deliver broadband to 3 million people by 2022.
“That confidence is based not just on the agreements we’ve been able to negotiate, but also on the work that we really invested in to build out what will become legally a robust TV white spaces ecosystem,” Smith told VentureBeat.
Over the past year, Microsoft has negotiated agreements with 13 telecommunications companies in 13 states to bring broadband to their region over the next several years. Microsoft provides some of the necessary upfront capital to help these providers expand broadband coverage, striking a revenue-share agreement with the providers and reinvesting proceeds back into the Airband project.
The company expects to deliver broadband to 1 million people through its initial 13 projects alone. Over the coming years, the initiative will expand to 12 new states, including Indiana, Mississippi, Oklahoma, West Virginia, and California.
The TV white spaces spectrum is what’s not being used by TV broadcasters in the 600 MHz frequency range capable of delivering wireless signals. Microsoft believes that repurposing TV white spaces is the most cost-effective approach to delivering broadband to areas with a population density between two and 200 people per square mile.
When Microsoft first announced its Airband initiative a year ago, it faced pushback from broadcasters. Dennis Wharton, executive vice president of the National Association of Broadcasters, 
 that “policymakers should not be misled by slick Microsoft promises that threaten millions of viewers with loss of lifeline broadcast TV programming.”
Then there’s the question of whether a large company like Microsoft should be playing such a major role in deciding who gets access to rural broadband in the first place. Microsoft’s argument is that as a private business it’s able to give telecom providers the investments needed to get started more quickly than the government can.
Packerland Broadband, operating in Michigan and Wisconsin’s Upper Peninsula, was one of the first local telecommunications companies Microsoft 
. Cory Heigl, Packerland’s vice president and general manager, told VentureBeat in a phone interview that he contacted Microsoft after reading the white paper the company published on TV white spaces technology two summers ago.
Heigl said that while Packerland’s traditional service areas have been “denser parts of smaller towns,” they haven’t been able to reach customers who are a couple miles or more outside those towns.
“The frequency range that is commonly referred to as TV white spaces propagates through foliage pretty well — and here in the upper Midwest in northern Wisconsin and Michigan’s Upper Peninsula, there’s a lot more forest than there is farmland, so we had to try to find technologies that would get through the leaves and the trees,” Heigl told VentureBeat. “That [TV white spaces technology] sounded like a tool we needed to deliver broadband to these households.”
Over the past year, Packerland has been experimenting to find the right manufacturers for the various equipment needed to deliver internet to households using the TV white spaces spectrum. Heigl said that Packerland first has to secure access to space on local cell towers and place an antenna on those towers, as well as placing gear at the bottom of the tower that will broadcast signals to a consumer’s whitespace receiver. On the roof of the consumer’s house, Packerland has to mount a radio about the size of the shoebox and an attached antenna and run a Cat 5 or ethernet cable inside to connect it to the in-home network.
Heigl said that over the past year Packerland has been able to conduct beta deployments and has moved a “handful” of customers from beta to commercial. He added that Microsoft has been helpful in building a community of local telecommunications companies like Packerland and in attracting those who manufacturer the equipment needed to deploy broadband through TV white spaces. This reassures manufacturers that they will have enough buyers to bring the price of the equipment down, making it more affordable for small companies like Packerland to deploy.
Smith told VentureBeat that over the past year the Airband initiative has been able to get the cost of the network connectivity device that goes on a consumer’s roof from $800 down to $300 for at least one provider. But he said that the goal is to get the cost of it down below $100.
“At that point, a telecommunications company can simply include the device to a user as part of a subscription, and we don’t need to pay for it separately,” Smith said.
In order for prices to drop that low, Smith believes the government needs to get involved — specifically, to allocate more spending to developing wireless technologies, instead of relying on costly fixed fiber optic cable. That’s something Microsoft will be advocating for over the coming year.
Microsoft is also continuing to push the FCC to ensure that three channels below 700 MHz are available for wireless use on an unlicensed basis in every market in the country, with additional channels available in smaller and rural markets.
The FCC has said that 19 million people who live in rural communities in the U.S. currently lack access to broadband, but Smith said Microsoft believes this number is actually higher. He explained that in some of the places Microsoft has visited over the past year — citing Ferry County, Washington as an example — many of the people the company spoke with didn’t have access to broadband, even though the FCC claimed the area was sufficiently served.
Alphabet’s Wing will kick off European drone trials in Finland in spring 2019, CEO James Burgess announced today onstage in Helsinki at 
, one of the largest annual tech conferences held in northern Europe.
Planned trials in Finland’s capital city mark Wing’s first drone deliveries in Europe.
Flight trials with the Hummingbird drone are already underway near Tampere, a city roughly two hours north of Helsinki. Test trials will continue this winter to see how drones perform in cold conditions.
Rather than landing, Hummingbird drones lower packages to the ground using a string.
Exactly what cargo drones deliver in Finland has yet to be decided. Finnish citizens and businesses were invited to share their ideas for the service at 
.
“We want to hear from the people of Helsinki and Finland what drone delivery can do for you,” Burgess said.
Wing trials have been underway 
, and more than 2,500 deliveries have been completed.
Drone delivery trials are the most recent technological advance to debut in Finland this week. On Monday, Rolls-Royce completed a demo of what it 
.
Initially projects of the experimental “moonshot” division called Google X, 
. Like Wing, Loon is also moving forward with commercial applications as it begins 
.
The 30/70 revenue-sharing split that turned into something of an industry standard is on the ropes. 
, the developer responsible for 
, is launching its own game store. And 
, Epic is planning to take a 12 percent cut of revenues. This will leave 88 percent for the people who actually make the games.
“As a developer ourselves, we have always wanted a platform with great economics that connects us directly with our players,” Epic Games CEO Time Sweeney explained in a statement. “Thanks to the success of Fortnite, we now have this and are ready to share it with other developers.”
Epic is planning to launch its Game Store with a small number of hand-picked titles. It will continue to add games throughout 2019, and Sweeney says his team will “open the store up more widely later on.” It plans to reveal some of the games that will show up on its store at The Game Awards on Thursday, December 6.
The Epic Games Store has an approval process for each game, but the company doesn’t plan to make judgments based on content.
“It will mostly focus on the technical side of things and general quality,” Sweeney told GamesBeat. “Except for adult-only content, we don’t plan to curate based on developers’ creative or artistic expression.”
Epic’s new market is a shot across the bow of Valve, which controls a significant portion of the PC gaming business. Valve’s Steam store has traditionally taken a 30 percent cut of revenues from every developer, but it just announced a change to that over the weekend. Steam still takes 30 percent for every game until they make $10 million in sales. From $10 million through $50 million, Steam now takes 25 percent. And it takes just 20 percent for every sale over $50 million.
Valve is clearly attempting to keep blockbuster publishers and developers from jumping to their own platforms. But now the Steam changes also look like a preemptive effort to stay competitive with Epic. But its new tiered revenue-sharing model does leave out indie developers. Epic, however, is making it clear that it plans to take just 12 percent across the board.
“We’re not looking to crush Steam any time soon,” Sweeney explained to GamesBeat. “We’re just building a store with a fair deal for developers that creates new opportunities for content creators.”
While Epic is starting small, the platform’s goal is to disrupt game distribution. And Epic knows that it has to compete with and undercut Steam to do that. The company provided the following graphic with its announcement materials, and it directly compares itself to Steam:
Above: Epic Games Store versus Steam.
You’ll notice the above chart also answers a couple of other questions. For example, Epic welcomes games made with Unity into its store. Epic is known for Fortnite, but it is also the owner and operator of the Unreal Engine game-development toolkit. But the company isn’t planning to use its store to give unfair protections to Unreal.
The chart also shows that Epic won’t charge the 5-percent revenue sharing fee for games that use the Unreal Engine on its store. On Steam, Unreal-based games will still have to fork over 5 percent on top of the 30 percent they must give to Valve.
While Valve is showing for the first time ever that it is flexible when it comes to the 30/70 revenue model, it may have inadvertently set up Epic to make an even bigger splash with its store announcement. Indie developers are furious with Valve for giving a larger cut to bigger publishers while small studios have to keep giving up $3 out of every $10.
So Epic showing up with a potentially viable alternative to Steam is starting to look like a glass of water in the desert. And Epic only taking $1.20 out of every $10 makes that deal even sweeter.
“Valve’s recent decision to only give certain developers a better cut than the archaic 30/70 split put blood in the water, and Epic opening a store with a better cut is basically shark bait,” Vlambeer cofounder (and de facto indie-gaming spokesperson) Rami Ismail told GamesBeat. “Obviously, the Epic Store announcement has been in the making a lot longer than Valve’s decision to favor certain developers, but for Epic it could not have come at a better time. Any developer — triple-A or indie — will be interested in keeping that additional 18 percent of revenue to increase the chances for future projects.”
Ismail is happy about the cut, but he points out that he’s more excited about competition in the distribution space. Valve started publishing third-party games in 2005, and just a few years later it had a stranglehold on the PC game market. And it wasn’t until the last couple of years that developers and publishers beyond Electronic Arts began launching their own platforms to bypass Valve’s cut.
The lack of competition in PC-game distribution has made the 30/70 split seem immovable. In the gaming world, you will die and pay your taxes, but you also have to give Valve its 30 percent. And the reason that number seemed like someone etched it in stone hundreds of years ago is because the stuff Steam does cheap at scale used to cost individual developers a lot of money.
In 
, Spiderweb Software developer Jeff Vogel explained why that percentage hasn’t changed.
“I hear indie developers complain about the cut that Apple and Steam take,” Vogel said in his presentation. “But all of the stuff that Steam does for you and makes easy, I’ve had to do myself. I’ve hired full-time employees to do the stuff that Steam does. I know how much it costs, and more importantly, they do too.”
That stuff includes processing credit cards, running a customer-support system, bandwidth, and a million other tiny details. The 30/70 cut had little to do with how much it costs Valve to operate Steam. Instead, that 30-percent fee came from how much Steam was worth to developers.
But now it’s looking like that split is not long for this world. And that’s because things have changed. It’s easier than ever to process credit cards. Many developers already employ third-party services to help run their customer support on top of Steam’s built-in tools. Cloud technology is more affordable than ever due to competition between Microsoft, Amazon, and Google, so actually storing and distributing games is more attainable.
That’s why more and more publishers have launched their own platforms. And for indies, they have seen that 
 — can do nearly everything that Steam does at a fraction of the budget. These alternative platforms and the falling cost of services have put a fracture in the 30/70 cut, and now Epic could kill it for good.
Epic’s strategy for now is “developer’s first.” The company is trying to attract companies to its platform with a better revenue split, and that should work. After all, millions of people have now installed the Epic Games Launcher to play Fortnite on their PCs. Now that portal has a store in it as well. So Epic doesn’t have to do a ton of work to present its market to potential customers.
But giving developers a better deal doesn’t necessarily matter to consumers. For the average PC gaming fan, they are likely going to continue prioritizing convenience.
“I’m incredibly curious because in a way we’re going to see a battle between people’s currently owned games in their Steam library competing with Epic’s Fortnite,” said Ismail. “That’s going to be interesting.”
To put that another way, Steam has a huge advantage because so many people already own games on that platform. And those consumers probably won’t want to switch to the Epic Games Store. They won’t want to split their library between two different launchers.
But at the same time, Fortnite is is likely attracting a huge number of first-time PC gamers. If the Epic Games Store has every game that Steam has at similar prices, maybe Epic could capture the next generation of PC players.
Epic does at least plan to offer a refund system, which is something that is a standard on Steam.
“We’re launching with manual refunds through player support, and automated refunds will follow soon,” Sweeney told GamesBeat. “We expect to provide each user with ‘no-questions-asked’ refund tokens to use in the first 14 days after buying a game.”
Between Epic and Discord, the chat platform that launched a store recently, PC gaming is finally getting some competition. And Sweeney says that’s his most immediate goal.
“We’re giving game developers the store business model that we’ve always wanted as developers ourselves,” he told GamesBeat. “Hopefully, competition between stores will create new opportunities for all game developers.”
Community thrives online. Scientists have surveyed an online community of amateurs to help 
. Global communities have come together on social networks to organize rallies and stand up for issues big and small.  In 2017, an April Fool’s challenge on reddit went viral, resulting in one of the 
 ever created. Each of these community efforts succeeded through communication, transparency, and widespread participation.
This community effect has great potential in the ecommerce space. As ecommerce grows by 15 percent year-over-year, community-powered technologies can help the industry grow sustainably while providing better information, stronger connections, and more ways to participate.
Project Verte uses the technologies at its disposal to approach ecommerce collaboratively. Project Verte is a platform of the community, by the community, and for the community — bringing clarity, connection, and trust to all parts of the ecommerce process for customers and for the businesses that meet their needs.
This means building automated, robotic fulfillment centers and software to provide the best in logistics AI, data insights, and omnichannel fulfillment so businesses of all sizes can build better relationships with their customers.
It means offering any business the tools to create an asset data blockchain to improve how they store, share, and track information.
It means engineering an ecommerce platform powered by the collective intelligence of its users, which will continuously learn and evolve to help brands grow and improve customer experiences.
And it means engineering a blockchain-powered P2P messenger for direct feedback and communication between brands and consumers.
Through Project Verte’s technologies, community moves ecommerce forward. A collective database holds verified, easily-accessible information about product origin, size, and material. Customers ask questions and give feedback to brands directly through a secure app. Artificial intelligence software learns from users and optimizes everything from product discovery to order fulfillment in real time. In this way, businesses and customers participate as part of a community and play an active role in growing the platform.
Project Verte is an ecommerce ecosystem that uses its suite of technologies to create this participatory community. It’s a space where relationships are built on trust.
Welcome to satisfillment.
Sincerely,




As any HomePod, Google Home, or Echo owner can tell you, getting a smart speaker to understand you — much less suss out the topic of a conversation — is usually a crapshoot. But encouragingly, researchers at Amazon are progressing toward more responsive, contextually aware voice experiences, in part thanks to “topic modeling” — i.e., identifying topics to help route requests more accurately.
In new research, they developed a prototypical system that can boost 
s topic recognition by up to 35 percent. It’s described in a paper that’ll be presented at the IEEE Spoken Language Technologies conference in Athens, Greece in late December.
“[Our] system uses two additional sources of information to determine the topic of a given utterance: the utterances that immediately preceded it and its classification as a ‘dialogue act’,” Behnam Hedayatnia, an applied speech scientist at Amazon, wrote in a 
To validate the AI system, the researchers used more than 100,000 annotated voice requests collected during the 2017 Alexa Prize competition, which tasked 15 teams with deploying Alexa chatbot systems. Annotators labeled the training data with one of 14 dialogue acts and 12 topic labels — such as Politics, Entertainment/Movies, Fashion, and Entertainment/Books — and noted the keywords in commands that helped them identify topics. (For instance, “brand” and “Italy” in “Gucci is a famous brand from Italy.”)
The topic-modeling system comprises three AI architectures: (1) a deep averaging network (DAN), (2) a variation on the DAN that learns to predict keywords indicated in topics, and (3) a bidirectional long-short-term memory (LSTM) network. Bidirectional LSTMs are a category of recurrent neural network capable of learning long-term dependencies; they allow the neural networks to combine their memory and inputs to improve prediction accuracy.
Inputs to all three networks consist of a voice command, a dialogue act classification, and a conversational context — in other words, the last five turns in a conversation, where a turn is a combination of a speaker’s request and a chatbot’s response.
The DAN produces embeddings — mathematical representations — of words, and subsequently of sentences, by averaging the word embeddings. Those sentence embeddings are averaged together again to produce a single summary embedding, which is appended to the embedding of the current voice command and passed to a neural network that learns to correlate embeddings with topic classifications.
The ADAN, meanwhile, builds a matrix that maps every word it encounters against each of the 12 topics it’s asked to recognize and records how often annotators correlated a particular word with a particular topic. It simultaneously embeds words from the current voice command and past commands and averages them together before averaging the averages.
In the end, each word has 12 numbers associated with it — a 12-dimensional vector — indicating its relevance to each topic. The vectors associated with words from current voice summaries are combined with vectors from past summaries and passed to the neural network for classification.
In testing, four versions of the system improve voice recognition accuracy over the baseline. One configuration achieved accuracy of 74 percent, up from 55 percent for baseline.
      
    
  
NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 4, 2018–
      
,       the leading insurtech company that makes it easy for small businesses to       understand, buy, and manage insurance online, today announced 
, a dedicated platform for insurance agents. Through the       technology platform, agents benefit from a fast, simple, and efficient       way to provide commercial insurance to businesses, with a single point       of entry to access top carriers for multiple types of policies.    
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: 
CoverWallet for Agents. The easiest way to quote, bind, and service your customers. All online, in minutes. (Photo: Business Wire)  
      “Since launching our sleek and intuitive technology platform for small       businesses, we have had countless requests from agents to work with       CoverWallet,” said Inaki Berenguer, CEO and Co-Founder of CoverWallet.       “Today there are 40,000 insurance agencies in the U.S., and we are       making it easy for agents to harness the power of data, design, and       technology to serve more clients better and faster than ever before.”    
      CoverWallet for Agents leverages the award-winning CoverWallet platform       and provides agents with instant quotes, online bindable policies, and       real-time proof of coverage. Through a dynamic online application that       uses data and analytics, agents instantly receive quotes from top       carriers for lines of business including General Liability, Business       Owners Policy, Workers Compensation, and Professional Liability. The       platform is currently integrated with top national carriers including       Chubb, Starr, CNA, and AmTrust.    
      CoverWallet has more than quadrupled its business in the past year and       has tens of thousands of customers. According to CB Insights, the small       business insurance market is valued at $100 billion. With the launch of       CoverWallet for Agents, the company increases its distribution to the       millions of businesses that buy insurance through insurance agents.    
      “We were able to launch CoverWallet for Agents re-using the advanced       technology that we built from the ground up for our small business       platform,” said Aman Khaira, Vice President of Product at CoverWallet.       “Agents are an integral part of small business insurance, and we are       making it easy for them to leverage technology without needing to build       their own complex integrations or to have direct relationships or       appointments with carriers.”    
      Prior to publicly launching the platform, CoverWallet conducted a pilot       program.    
      “Being able to quickly get quotes for multiple carriers with competitive       premiums is a huge advantage in today’s fast-paced, consumer-driven       marketplace,” said Joel Wagner, founder of WHINS Insurance Agency and a       member of the pilot program. “CoverWallet’s platform is amazingly easy,       and we encourage other independent brokers to take advantage of their       unique system.”    
      Sheri Bongers from Denver Insurance added, “CoverWallet for Agents is       user friendly and has been quickly incorporated into my routine. The       application is fast, generating immediate quotes. It’s easy to update,       bind, and sign, and payment is done electronically.”    
      In addition to helping small businesses obtain coverage, agents also       benefit from:    
      With the launch of the new platform, Michael Konialian has been promoted       to Vice President and General Manager of CoverWallet for Agents. For       more information on CoverWallet for Agents and to start using the       platform, please visit 
.    
      
    
      CoverWallet is the leading tech company reinventing the $100 billion       U.S. commercial insurance market for small businesses. Based in New York       and launched in 2016, it has received more than $30 million in funding       from renowned investors including Union Square Ventures, Index Ventures,       Two Sigma, and Foundation Capital, as well as Zurich Insurance Group and       Starr Companies. Powered by deep analytics, thoughtful design, and       state-of-the-art technology, the company is the easiest way for small       businesses to understand, buy, and manage insurance online.    
      Hally Peck
Director of Communications
(646)       453-4168    
The signs of an iPhone sales slowdown were there if you knew to look for them, including reports of 
, unexpectedly fast 
, and boosts to Apple’s trade-in values for old iPhones. Now 
 explains what’s going on behind the scenes: Apple has reallocated staff in a “fire drill” to spark sales of the latest iPhones, which are apparently requiring extra marketing and discounting efforts during the 2018 holiday season.
According to the report, Apple moved marketing personnel from other projects to “help goose” purchases of the iPhone, the company’s largest revenue generator. As a result, the company is now employing aggressive promotions that haven’t been seen in years, most conspicuously including a front page Apple.com banner offering the 
 for only $449 with an eligible trade-in. (The deal assumes you’re willing to give up an iPhone 7 Plus in good condition.)
In past years, Apple has been famously reluctant to publicly discount its products, instead offering only token incentives, such as free headphones or stingy gift cards on shopping holidays. But the company’s own promotions have been more aggressive this year, starting with higher gift card values over the Black Friday weekend and continuing yesterday with the announcement of a flat 10 percent discount for active military personnel and veterans. Though the latter promotion evened out a previously variable 5 to 15 percent discount for service members, it added Apple devices that were not previously eligible for deals, casting a special spotlight on cut-price iPhones, iPads, and Macs.
Though the Bloomberg report delicately calls the latest marketing moves a “possible admission that the devices may have been selling below some expectations,” it’s clear Apple wouldn’t have started promoting discounts if sales were already on track to meet expectations. Yet claims of iPhone sales troubles clearly didn’t sit well with Apple over the last year, beginning with 2017’s iPhone X — the first Apple smartphone to start at a $999 price point. In quarterly conference calls with analysts, Apple repeatedly rebuffed 
 and manufacturing slowdowns by stating that the iPhone X was its 
. It underscored its confidence by releasing 
 at the same $999 entry price, with the larger iPhone XS Max starting at $1,099.
But the XS models don’t appear to be enjoying the same success as their predecessor. In an atypical disclosure last week, a senior Apple marketing executive said that the less expensive iPhone XR has been the company’s best seller since it was released in late October. While this wasn’t unexpected, in the sense that many reviewers recommended the XR over the XS, it came amidst a freefall in Apple’s once soaring stock — triggered by the company’s decision to 
.
Apple’s statement appeared to be counterbalancing reports that the company was working with Japanese carriers to lower the XR’s monthly cost, following complaints that its $749 price was too high, even spread across multiple payments. Consumers in other large smartphone markets, notably including China and India, have similarly balked at Apple’s latest prices.
iPhone unit sales have flattened out in recent years, leaving Apple with three clear options to increase revenues: raise prices and hope to sell at least as many units, drop prices and sell more units, or find something new to generate more money. While Apple’s 
 at a 
 and the company is expected to launch a 
, future products — including 
 and a 
 — appear to be at least a year and a half away. In the meantime, users are clamoring for more affordable Apple devices, and discounting is the easiest way to make that happen.
Razer wants gamers to be badasses, no matter what machine they’re playing on. So the company is updating its ultraportable gaming laptop, the 
, so you can actually play games on it.
In the past, the 
 was more like a high-end productivity machine, with integrated graphics and a very thin design. Now the new version of the Razer Blade Stealth will come with upgrades that make it a good gaming machine with 13 hours of battery life.
The redesigned 13.3-inch 
 will come with three versions. The base model has Intel  UHD Graphics 620 integrated graphics. For the first time, the Razer Blade Stealth also has options for Nvidia GeForce dedicated graphics or a 4K screen.
“The earlier Stealth was designed to be a ultrabook, with mobility and performance and 10 hours of battery life,” said Razer product manager Travis First in an interview with GamesBeat. “Now we are bringing more gaming into it.”
Above: You can run games like Fortnite at 60 frames per second on the new Razer Blade Stealth.
The Razer Blade Stealth is available with Nvidia GeForce graphics for up to four times better gaming or graphics editing performance. Razer included the more powerful 25-watt Nvidia GeForce MX150 4GB GDDR5 graphics, which is double the video memory of similar systems.
“This lets you play Fortnite, League of Legends, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, Dota 2, and Heroes of the Storm at 60 frames per second,” First said.
Rocket League runs a little slower at 43-to-54 frames per second.
The side bezels are 4.9 millimeters wide, or 60 percent thinner on this model compared to the previous version, resulting in a better edge-to-edge picture. The body is machined from a unibody block of high-grade aluminum, and its matte black color is anodized deeper into the aluminum for more durability. The back has a black tone-on-tone Razer logo.
Above: The 4K version of the Razer Blade Stealth.
The Razer Blade Stealth can have a 4K touchscreen version with 3,840-by-2,160 resolution and full support for the sRGB color space. Each laptop display is now individually custom calibrated for color accuracy out-of-the-box.
The display is also available in a full high-definition matte (1,920-by-1,080 pixels) resolution and full sRGB color space.
All configurations of the Razer Blade Stealth feature the new Whisky Lake 8th Gen Intel Core i7-8565U processor. The new 1.8 GHz quad-core processor outperforms its predecessor in throughput and responsiveness with Turbo Boost speeds up to 4.6 GHz.
The base model of the Razer Blade Stealth comes with 8GB of 2133MHz dual-channel memory while dedicated graphics models are loaded with 16GB of 2133MHz dual-channel memory for power users.
For additional security and convenience, the Razer Blade Stealth comes with an infrared web camera

that supports Windows Hello, a first for the Razer Blade family. Razer also retained the ideal web camera placement at the top of the screen to avoid awkward shots.
Above: The Razer Blade Stealth starts at $1,400.
All configurations include a built-in 53.1 watt-hour battery that has been optimized for all day mobility.

Additionally, the laptop can be charged almost anywhere with the compact 65-watt USB-C charger

that works on most flights with AC power available.
The dedicated graphics models can leverage Nvidia’s Optimus technology to dynamically switch between the integrated and dedicated graphics to provide maximum performance and battery life when users need it.
Razer’s advanced thermal system and new power management options have been integrated into Razer Synapse 3 software to maximize battery life, quiet fans in a meeting, or provide full power when gaming.
“The Blade Stealth has excelled at being the best productivity laptop on the market” said Razer CEO Min-Liang Tan in a statement. “We pushed the boundaries further by incorporating Nvidia graphics with up to four times the graphics performance while continuing to keep the system incredibly compact and thin. The results of our efforts have lead Razer to create one of the world’s most powerful ultraportable laptops ever.”
The anti-ghosting keyboard has been optimized to feel punchier and more responsive. It now utilizes a single-zone RGB lighting system with full key backlighting and 16.8 million color options all powered by Razer Chroma and customizable through Razer Synapse 3 software. For accuracy, Razer also improved the touchpad with a larger glass surface area and Microsoft Precision support.
Connectivity options include Thunderbolt 3 (USB-C), USB-C 3.1 Gen 2, two USB-A, and a 3.5mm audio combo port. The included Thunderbolt 3 (USB-C) port features 4 lanes of PCIe for up to 40 Gbps of blazing fast transfer speeds.
Above: The Razer Blade Stealth is 0.58 inches thick.
A seamless connection from the Thunderbolt 3 port to Razer Core external desktop graphics

enclosures boosts the performance by connecting to desktop graphics cards. The Razer Core is

compatible with the latest Nvidia GeForce RTX, Nvidia Quadro or AMD XConnect enabled Radeon and Radeon Pro cards for high end gaming and content creation.
Razer beefed up the sound quality in the new Razer Blade Stealth. The speaker count has doubled to four upward-firing speakers equipped with a Smart Amp to boost audio with greater clarity. Dolby Atmos replicates sound in a 3D space for lifelike immersion.
The new line of Razer Blade Stealth laptops will start at $1,400 and will be available starting today from Razer.com and select retailers in the United States and Canada. It is coming soon to the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Nordics, China, Australia, Hong Kong, Japan, Singapore, and Taiwan. The option with the Nvidia graphics is $1,600, and the 4K screen option is $1,900.
The laptop is just 0.58-inches thick, and the base model weighs 2.82 pounds. It won’t have preinstalled software, but Intel is offering $360 worth of software that you can download for free onto the machine.
 has raised $2.6 million in funding for its mobile monetization measurement platform.
Tel Aviv-based 
 works with the top mobile app publishers and has analyzed more than 500 million unique users in 180 countries since the beginning of the year. Eight of the top 50 mobile game publishers use Soomla, which can track revenue per user, per segment, per cohort, and per traffic source.
JAL Ventures led the round, with additional funds from existing investors. The company will use the money for its continued global expansion and to build out its proprietary technology platform.
Tal Shaked, general partner at JAL Ventures, will join Soomla’s board of directors.
“Soomla has rapidly developed a leadership position in the large and fast-growing market for ad measurement,” said Shaked, in a statement. “The Soomla team developed a unique technology and in a short time was able to attract some of the biggest customers in the space. We are excited to join the team. Soomla is a great example of the type of founder-led, capital-efficient business that we like to invest in.”
Above: Soomla founders, left to right: Refael Dakar, Boris Spektor, and Yaniv Nizan.
Founded in 2012, Soomla provides visibility into in-app advertising. Using its ad tracking technology, it delivers granular, impression-level data on more than 30 ad networks and gives app publishers the flexibility to connect data to their internal data warehouse, as well as a growing number of third-party analytics and attribution platforms.
“JAL’s partners bring decades of operational experience, which makes them an ideal partner as we continue to scale our business globally,” said Soomla CEO Yaniv Nizan, in a statement. “We’re excited about the funding round and plan to use it to hire top talent in Tel-Aviv and in a new office we are planning to set up in the U.S.”
Soomla said the app economy has seen a major shift in its revenue sources in the last two years and that more companies are relying heavily on in-app advertising.  An example of this trend is Voodoo, which recently raised $200 million. But with this shift, companies need more advanced tools to analyze and optimize these revenue streams and to create the necessary feedback loop to their marketing activities.
“Mobile app companies exist in a highly competitive space, and being data-driven is key to their success. The shift from in-app purchases to in-app advertising required companies to adjust their analytics platforms and account for in-direct revenue streams that are harder to track,” Nizan said.
 has added 50 PlayStation 4 games to 
, the subscription service gives users streaming access to PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, and PlayStation 4 games. You can also download the PS4 titles straight to your console. The library now includes 275 PS4 games (and over 700 total).
The new PS4 titles include 
, Ubisoft’s hit weapons-based combat game that has attracted over 15 million players. For Honor debuted on February 14, 2017. Other additions include the Japanese role-playing game Fairy Fencer F: Advent Dark Force, the retro 2D platformer Dandara, and the classic side-scroller Super Star Wars.
PS Now costs $20 a month, $45 for three months, or $100 for a year.
Microsoft has its own subscription service for games, 
, which costs $10 a month. Xbox Game Pass offers console exclusives as they debut, like the recent 
. It includes about 250 titles. It’s library may be smaller, but the inclusion of newer releases could make it the better service.
Xbox Game Pass does not offering streaming for its games, but it’s debatable if that is a downside or not. Streaming games means you can save hard drive space and avoid download times, but it can have a negative impact on quality and introduce lag if you don’t have an excellent internet connection. Microsoft is working on streaming technology with 
, but it is still in development. Sony’s other competitor, Nintendo, is not offering or working on streaming services (at least 
).
Artificial intelligence (AI) that can synthesize realistic three-dimensional object models isn’t as far-fetched as it might seem. In a paper (“
“) accepted at the 
 conference in Montreal, researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology’s Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (MIT CSAIL) and Google describe a generative AI system capable of creating convincing shapes with realistic textures.
The AI system — Visual Object Networks, or VON — not only generates images that are more realistic than some state-of-the-art methods, it also enables shape and texture editing, viewpoint shifts, and other three-dimensional tweaks.
“Modern deep generative models learn to synthesize realistic images,” the researchers wrote. “Most computational models have only focused on generating a 2D image, ignoring the 3D nature of the world … This 2D-only perspective inevitably limits their practical usages in many fields, such as synthetic data generation, robotic learning, visual reality, and the gaming industry.”
VON tackles the problem by jointly synthesizing three-dimensional shapes and two-dimensional images in a process the researchers refer to as a “disentangled object representation.” The image generation model is decomposed into three factors — shape, viewpoint, and texture — and first learns to synthesize three-dimensional shapes before computing “2.5D” sketches and adding textures.
Importantly, because the three factors are conditionally independent the model doesn’t require paired data between two-dimensional and three-dimensional shapes. That enabled the team to train it on large-scale collections of two-dimensional images and three-dimensional shapes, like Pix3D, Google image search, and ShapeNet, the latter containing thousands of CAD models across 55 object categories.
Above: The system’s results compared to state-of-the-art AI models.
To get VON to learn how to generate shapes of its own, the team trained a generative adversarial network (GAN) — a two-part neural network consisting of 
 that produce samples and 
that attempt to distinguish between the generated samples and real-world samples — on the aforementioned three-dimensional shapes dataset. Texture generation was relegated to another GAN-based neural network.
After roughly two to three days of training, the AI system consistently produced convincing 128 x 128 x 128 models with realistic reflectance, environment illumination, and albedo (a measure of diffuse light or radiation).
To evaluate the image generation model, the team calculated a Fréchet Inception Distance — a metric correlated to human perception — for the generated three-dimensional models. Additionally, they showed 200 pairs of generated images from the VON and state-of-the-art models to five subjects on Amazon’s Mechanical Turk, who were tasked with choosing the more realistic result within the pair.
The VON performed exceptionally well. It had the lowest Fréchet Inception Distance of all AI models compared, and the Mechanical Turk respondents preferred its generated images 74 to 85 percent of the time.
The researchers leave to future work coarse-to-fine modeling for producing shapes and images at a higher resolution, disentangling texture into lighting and appearance, and synthesizing natural scenes.
“Our key idea is to disentangle the image generation process into three factors: shape, viewpoint, and texture,” the team wrote. “This disentangled 3D representation allows us to learn the model from both 3D and 2D visual data collections under an adversarial learning framework. Our model synthesizes more photorealistic images compared to existing 2D generative models; it also allows various 3D manipulations that are not possible with prior 2D methods.”
Research in GANs has advanced by leaps and bounds in recent years, particularly in the realm of machine vision.
Google’s DeepMind subsidiary in October unveiled a GAN-based system that can create 
 of food, landscapes, portraits, and animals out of whole cloth. In September, 
 researchers developed an AI model that produces synthetic scans of brain cancer, and in August a team at 
 demonstrated AI that could transfer a person’s recorded motion and facial expressions to a target subject in another photo or video. More recently, scientists at the University of Edinburgh’s Institute for Perception and Institute for Astronomy designed a GAN that can 
 — or at least high-resolution images of them.
      
    
  
AUSTIN, Texas & HAMILTON, Ontario–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 4, 2018–
      Triumvira Immunologics Inc. (Triumvira), announced the presentation of       key preclinical data at the American Society of Hematology (ASH) 60th       Annual Meeting and Exposition, held December 1-4, 2018, in San Diego,       CA. The data show that TAC-engineered T cells provide long-lasting tumor       rejection in mouse models of BCMA-positive and CD19-positive       hematological malignancies and suggest the presence of persisting TAC-T       cells that protect against tumor regrowth upon tumor rechallenge.    
      The results build on data recently published in 
       (Helsen et al., 2018) describing the proprietary T cell Antigen Coupler       (TAC) technology, a chimeric receptor that co-opts the endogenous T cell       receptor (TCR) for T cell activation and tumor cell killing. The new       data, presented during a podium presentation and a poster presentation,       now describe additional preclinical pharmacology of the company’s       therapeutic programs in multiple myeloma (BCMA) and B-cell lymphoma       (CD19). A CD19-directed TAC-T cell product is expected to enter clinical       testing in H1 2019.    
      The podium presentation, presented by Ksenia Bezverbnaya, BSc., McMaster       University, (Publication 3267: 
) focused on two TAC constructs each of       which was fused to a different BCMA binder. A single dose of TAC-T cells       (10
) engineered with either construct cured mice with       disseminated KMS-11 multiple myeloma cells and protected mice, in       remission for 3 months after treatment, against tumor regrowth upon a       fresh inoculation of tumor cells.    
      The poster presentation, presented by Christopher Helsen, Ph.D.,       Director of Research & Development, and Head of Platform Development at       Triumvira (Publication 962: T cells engineered with T cell antigen       coupler (TAC) receptors for haematological malignancies) described the       preclinical pharmacology of TAC-T cells directed against the CD19 and       BCMA antigens in multiple models of CD19-positive leukemia and lymphoma       and the BCMA-positive KMS-11 multiple myeloma model. TAC-T cells       specific for either antigen produced long-lasting tumor rejection and       effectively protected mice in tumor rechallenge experiments indicating       the presence of persisting TAC-T cells.    
      “These data provide further evidence that TAC furnishes T cells with       properties that are highly desirable attributes for future T cell       therapies,” states Dr. Paul Lammers, President & CEO of Triumvira,       “TAC-T cells demonstrate superiority over 2
 generation       CAR-T cells, and effectively rids animals from cancer in the absence of       notable toxicities and protects these animals for a prolonged period of       time. These new data further strengthens the argument for bringing the       TAC technology to patients.”    
      
    
      Triumvira Immunologics, Inc. is an immunotherapy company co-founded in       2015 by Dr. Jonathan Bramson at McMaster University and Bloom Burton &       Co., a niche life-sciences investment bank, with the vision of       developing novel T cell therapies that are safer and more efficacious       than current cell therapy cancer treatments, including chimeric antigen       receptor (CAR) and engineered T cell receptor (TCR) therapies. Our       proprietary T cell Antigen Coupler (TAC) technology recruits the entire       natural T cell receptor and is independent of the Major       Histocompatibility Complex (MHC), allowing for the development of better       therapies for a broader range of patients with either solid or liquid       malignancies and with diseases other than cancer. With operations       spanning North America, our corporate offices are located in Austin,       Texas, and our research facilities are in Hamilton, Ontario. For more       information, visit 
       or send email inquiries to 
.    
      LaVoieHealthScience
Katie Gallagher, +1 617-374-8800, Ext. 109
    
At its 
 virtual event today, Microsoft announced the initial public preview of Visual Studio 2019 — you can download it now for 
. Separately, .NET Core 2.2 has hit 
 and .NET Core 3.0 Preview 1 is also 
 today.
Microsoft launched 
 in March 2017 and 
 in May 2017 and then released seven subsequent updates to further improve their performance. That was the “most popular Visual Studio release ever,” but in June the company announced 
.
As before, Visual Studio 2019 previews will install side by side with Visual Studio 2017, which is great for trying out new functionality without messing with your production workflow. Visual Studio 2019 also won’t require a major operating system upgrade, Microsoft promised. Visual Studio 2017 worked on Windows Server 2012 R2 (and later), Windows 7 (and later), and Mac OS X El Capitan 10.11 (and later).
Visual Studio 2019 brings numerous productivity improvements, enhanced collaboration, and faster tooling, Microsoft promised today. The initial public preview includes a new start window experience to get developers into their code faster, increased coding space, a new search experience, more refactoring capabilities, smarter debugging, AI-powered assistance with IntelliCode, and built-in access to Visual Studio Live Share.
The new start window on launch is designed to work better with today’s Git repositories, including local repos, Git repos on GitHub, and Azure Repos. Git aside, you can still open a project or a solution or create a new one of either.
Visual Studio’s UI and UX have also received subtle changes, such as a new product icon, a cleaner blue theme, and a more compact title and menu bar. There’s also a new search experience that replaces the Quick Launch box. It lets you find settings and commands and install options, and it even supports fuzzy string searching.
Visual Studio 2019 improves the code maintainability and consistency experiences with new refactoring capabilities — such as changing for-loops to LINQ queries and converting tuples to named-structs. There’s also a new document health indicator and code clean-up functionality.
As for debugging, stepping performance is improved and search capabilities have been added to the Autos, Locals, and Watch windows. You can also expect improvements to the Snapshot Debugger to target Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) and Virtual Machine Scale Sets (VMSS), and better performance when debugging large C++ projects, thanks to an out-of-process 64-bit debugger.
At its Build 2018 developers conference in May, Microsoft previewed 
. The former uses AI to offer intelligent suggestions that improve code quality and productivity, and the latter lets developers collaborate in real time with team members who can edit and debug directly from Visual Studio and Visual Studio Code.
Visual Studio IntelliCode is getting custom models and expanded language support. Custom models further improve the AI-enhanced IntelliSense, giving developers personalized recommendations based on the patterns and libraries used in their code, on top of the analysis made on thousands of open source repos. Visual Studio developers now get IntelliCode for XAML and C++ code, in addition to C#. Visual Studio Code developers can use IntelliCode when developing JavaScript, TypeScript, Python, and Java.
The public preview of Visual Studio Live Share, which is available as an extension for Visual Studio Code, is getting new features to help developers collaborate in real time, including sharing desktop apps, source control diffs, and code commenting. It’s also easier to start a session and view who you’re working with in a dedicated space at the top right of the user interface. Since Live Share is installed alongside the IDE by default, the features are available in Visual Studio 2019.
Speaking of which, Microsoft did not provide a timeframe for Visual Studio 2019’s release. As its name implies, we can expect it to arrive next year, possibly at Build 2019.
Microsoft today released .NET Core 2.2 with diagnostic improvements to the runtime, support for ARM32 for Windows, and Azure Active Directory for SQL Client. Other improvements include enabling tiered compilation by default, as well as new features in the ASP.NET Core web stack, such as hosting model improvements for IIS; Web API improvements, including API security; template updates for Bootstrap 4 and Angular 6; and HealthCheck upgrades. .NET Core 2.2 also offers data stack enhancements, Entity Framework Core, and support for spatial extensions in SQL Server and SQLite. For more details, check out the 
.
 in May, .NET Core 3.0 is the next generation of the .NET Core platform. It promises significant updates to web, cloud, IoT, AI/ML, and Windows desktop workloads.
Microsoft today launched .NET Core 3 Preview 1 for Windows, Mac, and Linux. You can develop .NET Core 3 applications with Visual Studio 2017 15.9, Visual Studio for Mac, and Visual Studio Code.
.NET Core 3.0 adds support for Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) and Windows Forms (
), bringing Windows desktop development to .NET Core. It enables more flexible deployment with side-by-side and self-contained EXE and better performance. For more details, check out the 
.
At its 
 virtual event today, Microsoft made some open source announcements, as is now common at the company’s developer shindigs. Microsoft open-sourced three popular Windows UX frameworks on GitHub: 
, 
, and 
. Additionally, Microsoft announced the expansion of 
‘s membership model.
The open-sourcing of WPF, Windows Forms, and WinUI means developers can contribute new features back to each framework, debug and fix issues that impact their apps, build a private copy of the UI stack, and of course report bugs and other issues.
WPF isn’t being completely open-sourced immediately — Microsoft says it is starting with some smaller components first (System.Xaml) — but Windows Forms and WinUI are fully open source starting today.
Starting today, the governance, participation, and projects of the .NET Foundation are open to anyone in the open source community. Microsoft is letting members of the community directly guide foundation operations.
(Speaking of .NET, Microsoft today released 
.)
At its Build 2014 developer conference, Microsoft created the .NET Foundation, a group for overseeing the open-sourcing of .NET. In March 2016, Microsoft formed the Technical Steering Group to share the direction of .NET’s core components with other companies and interested parties. 
 joined the foundation at that point, and Samsung followed in June. In November 2016, 
, at which point hell completed its process of freezing over.
In addition to existing members, the .NET Foundation today welcomed Pivotal, Progress Telerik, and Insight Enterprises. The board is expanding from three seats to seven, including a member appointed by Microsoft. Board elections will begin in January.
Microsoft promises that anyone who has contributed in any way to any .NET Foundation open source project is eligible to vote. The hope is that this new structure will help the .NET Foundation scale to meet the needs of the growing .NET open source ecosystem.
Microsoft made other open source announcements at today’s event. Along with Docker, Microsoft announced an open source, cloud-agnostic specification for packaging and running distributed applications called 
. Microsoft donated Virtual Kubelet, an open source application that makes it easier for developers to connect a Kubernetes node with other services, to the Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF). And finally, Microsoft open-sourced Open Neural Network Exchange (
) Runtime, a high-performance inference engine for machine learning models.
Microsoft’s eponymous Microsoft Connect(); 2018 developer conference kicked off today in style, with a slew of updates to 
; the open-sourcing of 
 and the expansion of its .NET foundation membership model. But those were just the tip of the iceberg. The Seattle company also revealed Cloud Native Application Bundle (CNAB), an open source, cloud-agnostic specification for packaging and running distributed applications. And it made freely available ONNX Runtime, an inference engine for artificial intelligence (AI) models in 
, on GitHub.
Microsoft is this week releasing the CNAB specification, along with Duffle, an open source reference implementation of a CNAB client that can install, upgrade, uninstall, cryptographically sign, and verify the integrity of CNAB bundles. Additionally, Microsoft’s making available an example implementation of a bundle repository server, a Visual Studio Code extension, and an Electron point-and-click bundle installer.
Docker is the first to implement CNAB for containerized applications. It’ll launch as part of Docker App, a new tool for packaging CNAB bundles as Docker images for management in Docker Hub or Docker Enterprise.
“Distributed applications are no longer a futuristic concept,” Microsoft said. “Today’s cloud isn’t operating on one runtime system: It’s not just serverless, just Kubernetes, [or] just VMs. It may not even be from just one provider. And each runtime has its own provisioning tools, Terraform, Ansible, ARM, containers. To succeed in this environment, developers need a package management solution for distributed applications.”
CNAB, developed in partnership with Docker, was designed from the ground up to work with Docker, Azure, on-premises runtime environments such as OpenStack, Kubernetes, and everything in between. It lets developers define the resources that can be deployed to a combination of platforms, including workstations, public clouds, offline networks, and IoT environments, and manage discrete resources in a distributed app as a single logical unit.
Moreover, CNAB’s extensible architecture enables users to sign, digitally verify, and attach signatures to bundles even when such features aren’t natively supported by the underlying technology, and to control how bundles can be used. It also supports the exportation of bundles and their dependencies, and the storage of bundles in repositories for remote search, fetch, and install.
Continuing with today’s theme of collaboration, Microsoft made a slew of frameworks and engines available in open source.
The first is Open Neural Network Exchange (ONNX) Runtime, a high-performance inferencing engine for machine learning models in ONNX format. It’s available on GitHub starting today and can be customized and integrated directly into existing codebases or compiled from source to run on Windows 10, Linux, and a variety of other operating systems.
ONNX, for the uninitiated, is a platform-agnostic format for deep learning models that enables interoperability between open source AI frameworks, such as Google’s TensorFlow, Microsoft’s Cognitive Toolkit, Facebook’s Caffe2, and Apache’s MXNet. Microsoft, AWS, and Facebook jointly announced it roughly a year ago in September 2017, and it’s being actively codeveloped by Amazon, Nvidia, Intel, and AMD, among others.
In a phone interview with VentureBeat, Eric Boyd, corporate vice president at Microsoft, said internal teams at Bing Search, Bing Ads, an Office that have incorporated ONNX Runtime are seeing AI model performance twice that of native implementations, and in some cases magnitudes higher. It’s also been incorporated into other Microsoft offerings, he added, including Windows ML and ML.NET.
“With the open-sourcing of ONNX Runtime, we’re encouraging everyone to embrace it,” he said. “It will work in embedded spaces and on Windows and on Linux … It simplifies developers’ lives dramatically.”
Perhaps more importantly, it has the backing of the broader ONNX community. Intel and Microsoft are working together to integrate the nGraph compiler as an execution provider for ONNX Runtime; Nvidia is helping integrate TensorRT; and Qualcomm has expressed its support.
“The introduction of ONNX Runtime is a positive next step in further driving framework interoperability, standardization, and performance optimization across multiple device categories, and we expect developers to welcome support for ONNX Runtime on Snapdragon mobile platforms.” said Gary Brotman, senior director of AI product management at Qualcomm.
The launch of ONNX comes as Microsoft makes Azure Machine Learning service — a cloud platform that enables developers to build, train, and deploy AI models — generally available and releases containerization support for Azure Cognitive Service’s Language Understanding API.
A new trailer for 
, which you can watch above, reveals that the new addition to the classic (and funky) series is coming out on March 1 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Switch, and PC.
Back in the Groove was originally set for a late 2018 release date, but it is missing that mark by a bit. The new trailer, however, makes it look like the wait will be worth it. The gameplay captures the spirit of the original ToeJam & Earl while utilizing hand-drawn graphics.
The first ToeJam & Earl came out in 1991 for the Sega Genesis. It was one of the console’s most memorable early games. A sequel, 
, followed in 1993. It exchanged the top-down perspective of the original for a 2D world. ToeJam & Earl III: Mission to Earth came out for the Xbox in 2003. That was the last entry in the series until now.
Back in the Groove received its funding on 
, raising over $500,000 back in 2015. Series creator Greg Johnson told GamesBeat that this gives him the chance to make the ToeJam & Earl sequel that he always wanted to.
“In Toe Jam & Earl, we got three or four — maybe three months — down the road on a sequel to game one. It was going to look like game one, and then Sega asked us to hold up and do a side-scrolling platformer instead,” Johnson explained. “Sales were slow on game one initially. The marketing department didn’t really get it. We were too different from the other stuff. We were young and naïve and wanted to please, so we said, sure, OK. We scratched our heads and tried to figure out how to stuff the spirit of Toe Jam & Earl into a side-scroller and did our best with Panic on Funkotron, but the fans were just kind of confused. A lot of fans were disappointed, in fact.”
I still stand by Panic on Funkotron as a great game, but it is very different from the original. Back in the Groove could finally give fans of the first ToeJam & Earl the dream sequel they’ve always wanted.
Today marks the kickoff for 
, Microsoft’s annual cloud- and data-focused developer conference, and the Seattle company wasted no time getting down to business. It announced the general availability of 
 service, a cloud platform that enables developers to build, train, and deploy AI models, and updates to Azure Cognitive Services, a collection of natural language processing, speech recognition, and computer vision APIs. And it launched a more affordable Azure Cosmos DB tier, a turnkey solution for distributed cloud-based workloads.
But that’s not all. Microsoft also took the wraps off upgrades to Azure Stream Analytics on 
, which processes data from IoT solutions locally; a new and improved Azure IoT Device Simulation Solution Accelerator; improvements to Azure IoT Remote Monitoring solution accelerator and Azure Time Series Insights; and Azure Maps enhancements.
After a relatively lengthy preview period, Azure Machine Learning is available now to all customers with a new feature in preview: model explainability. Starting this week, customers will be able to identify which input features weighed the heaviest on an AI system’s predictions.
Launching in general availability is Azure Machine Learning’s core features, including support for AI frameworks such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, and scikit-learn; automated hyperparameter tuning; and the capability to deploy to both cloud and edge environments.
“We’ve received a lot of positive feedback from customers who’ve been using Azure Machine Learning,” Eric Boyd, corporate vice president at Microsoft, told VentureBeat in a phone interview. “It’s helping them to get their work done more quickly and efficiently than before, whether in the cloud or on-premises … [because] it doesn’t require you to be a data scientist to use it. [The] automated machine learning [features] help select the appropriate algorithms to use.”
New pricing is set to take effect on February 1, 2019.
Azure Cognitive Services, meanwhile, has gained two key features: (1) container support for Language Understanding and (2) custom translation. The former, which is available in early access starting today, allows Azure developers to deploy apps with object detection, vision recognition, and speech recognition on the edge, and to more easily maintain architectures across the cloud and edge. Custom translation, meanwhile, which is now generally available, lets users tap human-translated content to build a custom translation system that can better handle specific vocabulary (think jargony terms like “contingent workforce” and “deliverables”) and distinct writing styles.
Finally, as alluded to earlier, Microsoft today launched a more affordable Azure Cosmos DB offering: Azure Cosmos DB Throughput Offer. Like other Azure Cosmos DB services, Throughput Offer can automatically scale and replicate data across multiple Azure regions, but with pricing optimized for customers with multi-container databases.
Along with Throughput Offer is Azure Cosmos DB .NET SDK 3.0, CORS, which enhances Azure Cosmos DB’s existing support for .NET and JavaScript applications.
On the internet of things (IoT) side of the equation, Microsoft today made publicly available Azure Stream Analytics (ASA) on Azure IoT Edge, which simplifies the process of moving analytics between the cloud and edge devices with limited bandwidth and connectivity. Niftily, it runs within the IoT Edge framework, meaning jobs created in it can be deployed and managed using the IoT Hub.
ASA on IoT Edge launches today, following a preview that began in November 2017.
Microsoft also revealed updates to the Azure IoT Device Simulation Accelerator. Now, it’s easier to script complex device behavior (including multiple devices in a single simulation), and to run simulations that emulate real-world environments.
Those aren’t the only IoT platform updates coming down the pipeline.
Previously, IoT solution accelerators, a service which creates customized solutions for common IoT scenarios, allowed developers to manage devices, modules, and actions only within the Azure portal. But thanks to an enhanced Azure IoT Remote Monitoring user interface rolling out this week, they can now more easily trigger actions (such as email notifications) in response to device alerts, manage device updates using Automatic Device Management, and visualize device data using Azure Time Series Insights.
On the Azure Maps front, Microsoft debuted a new S1 pricing tier. It’s available alongside the Standard S0 offering and provides an enhanced service level for “production-scale” deployments of apps using Azure Maps, without a Query Per Second limitation.
Last, but not least, Microsoft launched new Time Series Insights in public preview. Azure Time Series — a full stack analytics, storage, and visualization service for time series data from IoT deployments — now lets customers more effectively store and analyze modeled and ad-hoc data. They can add rich contextualization to telemetry data, store IoT data in layers, and tap machine learning and analytics tools for insights.
Additionally, Microsoft’s introducing a new usage-based pricing model for Time Series Insights. It’s available today.
At 
 today, Microsoft launched a bevy of updates across its cloud, artificial intelligence (AI), and development product suites. That’s no exaggeration — the company made its 
 service generally available, enhanced several of its core Azure IoT Edge offerings, and debuted 
 alongside the open source ONNX Runtime inferencing engine.
And that only scratched the surface of today’s small mountain of announcements.
Microsoft also took the wraps off improvements to virtual nodes in Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) and autoscaling for AKS. And it made available JavaScript and Python support in Azure Functions, its serverless compute service that allows customers to run code on-demand without having to explicitly provision or manage infrastructure, in addition to a new Azure API Management Consumption tier.
First off, Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS), which let developers elastically provision quick-starting pods inside of Azure Container Instances (ACI), is available in public preview starting today. Customers can switch it on within the Azure portal, where it cohabitates in the virtual network with other resources.
Also launching today: the aforementioned cluster autoscaling for AKS. It’s based on the upstream Kubernetes cluster autoscaler project and automatically adds and removes nodes to meet workload needs (subject to minimum and maximum thresholds, of course). It works in conjunction with horizontal pod autoscaling and enters public preview this week.
Dovetailing with those announcements, Microsoft debuted graphics processing unit (GPU) support in ACI, which lets developers run demanding jobs — such as AI model training — containerized in accelerated virtual machines. And the Seattle company detailed the Azure Serverless Community Library, an open source set of prebuilt components based on common use cases, such as resizing images in Blob Storage, reading license plate numbers with OpenALPR, and conducting raffles, all of which can be deployed on Azure subscriptions with minimal configuration.
GPU support in ACI launches in preview today, and the Azure Serverless Community Library is available on GitHub and the Serverless Library website.
Rounding out today’s news, Microsoft took the wraps off a new consumption plan for Linux-based Azure Functions, which was teased at Microsoft Ignite earlier this year. Now it’s possible to deploy Functions built on top of Linux using the pay-per-execution model, enabling serverless architectures for developers with code assets or prebuilt containers.
Finally, Microsoft launched Azure API Management (APIM) — a turnkey solution for publishing APIs to external and internal customers — in public preview in a consumption-based usage plan (Consumption Tier). Effectively, it allows APIM to be used in a serverless fashion, with instant provisioning, automated scaling, and pay-per-play pricing.
Along with the new APIM plan is the general availability of Python support (specifically Python 3.6) on Azure Functions runtime 2.0, and JavaScript support for Durable Functions, an extension of Azure Functions and Azure WebJobs that manages state, checkpoints, and restarts in serverless environments.
Vehicle telematics, the method of monitoring a moving asset like a car, truck, heavy equipment, or ship, with GPS and onboard diagnostics, produces an extraordinarily large and fast-moving stream of data that did not exist even a few years ago. And now, the vehicle telematics data hose has been turned to full blast.
By 2025, there will be 
 in the U.S. — and according to one estimate by Hitachi, each of those connected cars will upload 
 of data to the cloud per hour. If you do the math, that’s 219 terabytes each year, and by 2025, it works out to roughly 25 billion terabytes of total connected car data each year.
It’s a tsunami of data that did not exist even a few years ago, and it’s about to transform the transportation industry, says Grant Halloran, Chief Marketing Officer at OmniSci.
For auto manufacturers, revenue used to come almost exclusively from one-time vehicle sales and trailing maintenance. But as populations are becoming more urban and traffic congestion becomes a bigger problem, this puts downward pressure on the number of cars demanded (and reduces margins on one-time car sales).
“There are these irreversible trends going on in the marketplace, like ride sharing, better (and new forms of) public transport and increasing urbanization, which cause people to be less and less likely over time to buy their own car,” Halloran says. “The automakers are saying, we have this hub of data we control, but how are we going to monetize it?”
The data that connected cars and autonomous vehicles produce open up entirely new revenue streams that the automaker can control (and share with partners in other sectors). According to McKinsey, monetizing onboard services could create USD
 by 2030, which will more than offset any decline in car sales.
And this data on how a driver and vehicle interact can also give automotive manufacturers, logistics companies, fleet managers, and insurance companies valuable information on how to make transportation safer, more efficient, and more enjoyable — but they must be able to handle the new huge streams of data and analyze those to extract insights.
Vehicle telematics is a method of monitoring and harvesting data from any moving asset, like a car, truck, heavy equipment, or ship by using GPS and onboard diagnostics to record movements and vehicle condition at points in time. That data is then transmitted to a central location for aggregation and analysis, typically on a digital map.
Telematics can measure location, time, and velocity; safety metrics such as excessive speed, sudden breaking, rapid lane changes, or stopping in an unsafe location, as well as maintenance requirements; and in-vehicle consumption of 
“For example, we have a major automaker doing analysis of driver behavior for improvements to vehicle design and potentially, value-added, in-car information services to the driver,” Halloran says.
Traditional analytics systems are unable to handle that extreme volume and velocity of telematics data, and they don’t have the ability to query and visualize it within the context of location and time data, also known as spatiotemporal data.
The insights are there; the discovery is the difficult part, as per usual when it comes to data analytics. But vehicle telematics pose some unique obstacles that industry leaders are scrambling to tackle.
When most people think of 
, they picture digital words or objects overlaid on whatever real-world scenes they’re seeing through glasses. But Bose 
 today that it will offer an “audio AR” alternative called Frames. Offered in larger Alto and smaller Rondo versions, the $199 sunglasses will use integrated speakers to give users location-specific sonic cues as they navigate environments.
Each version of Frames looks largely like a typical pair of sunglasses, apart from oversized arms. Black plastic-framed with steel hinges and uniform gray lenses that promise 99 percent UVA/UVB blocking, the sunglasses weigh a standard 45 grams. Unlike Google’s Glass, users won’t look like weird cyborgs wearing Frames out in public.
The tech inside isn’t as sophisticated as a visual AR headset, but it’s intriguing. Bose includes Bluetooth for 3.5 hours of battery-powered audio playback from your favorite phone. It also places speakers in the frame’s arms, notably doing away with earbuds by producing sound that’s directed towards the wearer’s ears. For phone calling and Siri or Google Assistant voice commands, Frames also include a microphone and multi-function control button on the right temple.
Above: “Bose Frames Alto” is one of two pairs of Frames sunglasses.
All that hardware basically gets you a somewhat discreet stereo Bluetooth headset, but Bose has gone further by including a nine-axis head motion sensor to determine the direction you’re facing in. The sensor pairs with your phone’s GPS to provide location services information, conceivably enabling “audio AR” apps that will know, for example, that you’re walking around an art gallery and facing specific paintings before playing information about what you’re seeing.
Bose began a campaign in March to get developers interested in creating apps for an early prototype version of Frames, but it’s unclear how many apps are actually going to support the concept. The company plans to launch Frames in January 2019 without AR support, then provide an update on its AR progress in March 2019 at SXSW.
Preorders for Frames start today through 
. Each pair will include a pogo pin cable promising full recharging in two hours, as well as a cloth cleaning bag and carrying case. Bose expects the first AR apps to become available next year.
, the hiring dashboard that’s part of Google’s enterprise-focused 
 platform, launched a little over a year ago in June. Since then, it’s gained a feature — 
 — that surfaces appropriate candidates for new gigs at a company, along with a veritable 
 of AI-powered calendar scheduling, resume review, and phone call tools. Today, candidate discovery, which rolled out to select customers in beta earlier this year, is becoming generally available to all G Suite customers who pay for Hire.
Coinciding with candidate discovery’s wider launch, Google’s debuting a new capability that product manager Omar Fernandez says was informed by Hire’s beta testers. It allows customers to screen resumes with smart keyword highlighting based on their search criteria, and to re-engage qualified candidates in bulk.
“Throughout the beta period, we listened to customer feedback, and as a result [we introduced this] new feature in candidate discovery,” he wrote in a blog post. “Since the … release of candidate discovery … we’ve heard from many customers how it’s helped them quickly fill open roles at their companies … [One company] was able to fill one of its roles in 24 hours (the average time to hire is four weeks).”
Two of those customers are OpenLogix, a global technology service firm, and Titmouse, an animation studio. OpenLogix uses candidate discovery to search a database of 30,000 prior candidates and create a prioritized list based on how well the candidate’s profile matches the title, job description, and location. Meanwhile, Titmouse taps it to manage thousands of applications submitted through the company’s careers page.
Fernandez noted that candidate discovery is powered by Google’s Cloud Talent Solution (formerly Cloud Job Discovery), a development platform for job search workloads that factors in desired commute time, mode of transit, and other preferences in matching employers with job seekers. It also drives automated job alerts and saved search alerts.
According to Google, CareerBuilder, which uses Cloud Talent Solution, saw a 15 percent lift in users who view jobs sent through alerts and 41 percent increase in “expression of interest” actions from those users.
Hire by Google, for the uninitiated, is a full stack recruitment tool that lets hiring managers sift through job listings, interview and screen candidates, solicit applications, and more. It natively integrates with Gmail, Google Calendar, and Sheets, automatically filling in details such as contact information in invites and recording data captured across interviews. Moreover, thanks to artificial intelligence (AI), it’s able to recommend appropriate time slots for meetings and interviews, analyze key terms in job descriptions, and highlight candidates’ phone numbers and log calls.
News of candidate discovery’s general availability follows on the heels of Google’s job search feature for 
, which launched in August. It aims to make it easier for service members to find civilian jobs that align with their occupation, in part by finding jobs in their area that require skills similar to those used in their military role.
Companies that use Cloud Talent Solution can implement the job search feature on their own career sites.
Who said old robots can’t learn new tricks? Just two years and change following its debut, Anki’s 
 — a cute companion with an AI-powered personality — is getting a milestone update to ring in the New Year.
The first spotlight feature in 3.1 Holiday Release (as Anki’s calling it) is Cozmo Performs. It replaces Cozmo Says, which let Cozmo owners type in words or short sentences for Cozmo to recite, with a gallery or preprogrammed moves and tricks for Cozmo to act out. States like “Happy,” “Dizzy,” “Frustrated,” and “Furious” can be storyboarded and accompanied with text, the latter of which Cozmo’s text-to-speech engine synthesizes aloud.
“You can [essentially] write a script for Cozmo,” MJ Chun, product management director at Anki, told VentureBeat in a phone interview. “We’ve internally had a lot of fun with this feature, and we’re delighted to see what [users] will come up with.”
The update’s second headliner is Free Time, which displays live footage from Cozmo’s camera. An accompanying feed indicates Cozmo’s state of being — i.e., exploring, setting up a game, or preparing to pounce on a finger — and an augmented reality layer shows which faces, if any, Cozmo detects in-frame.
Above: The Cozmo Performs dashboard.
“It gives you a glimpse into what Cozmo’s seeing, thinking, and doing as he interacts with you,” Chun explained. “You get a better understanding of his vision system.”
That’s not all that’s in tow with the Holiday Release. Starting December 5, Cozmo’s companion app for Android and iOS will showcase a rotating collection of minigames that leverage Cozmo’s unique abilities. Tread Trekker lets a player take charge of his compass, while Light Show gets him grooving to ambient tunes. Meanwhile, Rebounce — a take on Brick Breaker — has owners move their heads left and right to bounce a ball on Cozmo’s LED display, and Cube Mix Up, a community-created project, instructs them to jumble up cubes in order to stump Cozmo.
“Kids love playing games and are a little competitive,” Chun said. “The team spent a lot of time working on mini games and activities … Every game can be remixed.”
There’s more to Cozmo than fun and games, of course.
A forthcoming book — 
 — will explain the underlying mechanics of each of Cozmo’s core functions and provide programming tutorials for Code Lab. It’ll be available for $20 on Anki’s website later today, and soon after on Amazon in the U.S. and John Lewis in the U.K.
Additionally, a new mode — appropriately dubbed EDU mode — will launch Cozmo straight into the aforementioned Code Lab and offer education-specific features, like the ability to manage the light-up cube accessories that ship with Cozmo.
“The idea is to teach kids computational thinking and the basics of coding,” Chun said.
Toward that end, ID Tech, one of the world’s largest tech camps, is now offering an additional Cozmo course for summer 2019 for a total of three. And Anki’s teamed up with Carnegie Science Center to develop a nine-lesson curriculum for Cozmo that’ll launch in the coming months.
In related education news, Cozmo was used in the inaugural World Artificial Intelligence Competition for Youth (WAICY) and in Cognimates AI platform for children, a project that graduated out of MIT’s Personal Robotics group.
It’s been a banner year for Cozmo. Since November 2017 alone, the robotic complement to Anki’s newly launched 
 gained no fewer than ten games via over-the-air upgrades, including a variation of hot potato and table tennis. That’s not to mention the more than a dozen activities that rolled out to Code Lab, like mini golf, a song composer, and a compliment generator.
Above: A look at Cozmo’s new Free Time feature.
Some changes have been subtler than others. For example, the team improved the visibility of Code Lab’s featured content by slotting it alongside games in the app’s Play section. It reordered Cozmo’s tricks — e.g., stack a cube or give a fist bump — so that easier-to-access tricks are unlocked first. And it made the overall app experience brighter, more graphical, and less menu-driven — in other words, more appropriate for Cozmo’s core demographic.
Another tweak? Deemphasizing daily interaction. An earlier version of Cozmo’s software rewarded users who played with the robot every day, but the team found that most owners were playing with Cozmo during the weekend. As a result, many of them were struggling to unlock new features with the app’s virtual currency, Sparks.
“We’ve tried to make sure there’s always something new for Cozmo so that you can engage with him in different ways,” Chun told VentureBeat.
The Holiday Release, she said, strikes a better balance.
“Having fun is the focus … [We] did a lot of testing and design work [to] make it clear that Cozmo’s about games and tricks and less about [maintenance],” Chun said.
At 
 in London today, Google launched version 1.0 of 
, the company’s open source mobile UI framework that helps developers build native interfaces for Android and iOS. Google also revealed several new third-party integrations and previewed some new features coming soon.
Flutter went through six previews before today’s 1.0 release. It was first announced as an early alpha at Google’s I/O developers conference in May 2017. The 
 arrived in February, 
 by two more, and then two 
. Meant to compete with frameworks like Facebook’s React Native, the library is designed to combine the performance and platform integrations of native mobile with the rapid development and multi-platform reach of portable UI toolkits. 
 are built using Google’s Dart programming language.
Google pitches Flutter as an app engine that you can either embed into an existing app or use to build an entirely new app. The team highlights four Flutter characteristics:
With the 1.0 release, Flutter has gained a stable channel, in addition to the existing beta, dev, and master channels. The stable channel updates less often than other channels, as you might expect — Google hopes to update it on a quarterly basis. If you already have Flutter installed, just type the command 
 to get the latest build. If you don’t, follow the getting started guide for 
, 
, or 
.
Since the first beta, the Flutter team has rounded out support for pixel-perfect iOS apps with new widgets, added support for nearly 20 different Firebase services, improved performance, reduced the size of Flutter apps, and closed out thousands of issues.
Flutter 1.0 also includes the latest version of the Dart platform (Flutter apps are built using Google’s Dart programming language). Dart 2.1 offers smaller code size, faster type checks, better usability for type errors, and new language features to improve productivity when building user experiences.
The primary focus of the 1.0 release has been bug fixes and stabilization. Still, Google today is previewing two major new features for developers to try before they ship in February 2019.
Add to App makes it easier to incrementally adopt Flutter, for when you don’t have the luxury of building a Flutter app from scratch. The team has made it easier to share assets between Flutter and host code, as well as reworked the tooling for attaching to an existing Flutter process without launching the debugger with the application. More information is available on 
.
Platform Views meanwhile introduces widgets (AndroidView and UiKitView) that embed an Android or iPhone platform control in a Flutter app. Android support has been around for a couple of months, but now is expanding to iOS, and the team has started to add plugins like Google Maps and WebView. Like other components, platform view widgets participate in the composition model, which means that you can integrate them with other Flutter content.
Google says new developers are continuing to adopt Flutter. The company notes that thousands of Flutter-based apps made it to the Apple App Store and Google Play over the past 10 months, even before version 1.0. Internally, Flutter is being used at Google for a wide array of products, with Google Ads already having switched to Flutter for its Android and iOS apps. Other big names developing or shipping apps with Flutter include Abbey Road Studios, Alibaba, Capital One, Groupon, Hamilton, JD.com, Philips Hue, Reflectly, and Tencent.
Some companies are not just using Flutter, but helping developers build with it. At Flutter Live today, Square announced two new Flutter SDKs that make it easy to accept payments for goods and services with Flutter (including in-person using a Square payment reader and by taking payments inside a mobile app). Also at the event, 2Dimensions announced the availability of Flare, a new tool for designers to create vector animations that can be embedded directly into a Flutter app and manipulated with code. Finally, Nevercode announced Codemagic, a new tool that makes it easy to automate the process of building and packaging Flutter apps for both Android and iOS from a single automation.
Also at Flutter Live today, Google announced it is experimenting with running Flutter on the web under codename Hummingbird. So far, the Web Engine is able to render most of the Flutter Gallery, including the Material widgets, Material Theming, and the Shrine and Contact Profile demo apps (the Cupertino widgets have not been ported). Details are available 
 and Google says it plans to open-source Hummingbird soon.
For more information about Flutter, Google offers a slew of resources, including 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, and 
.
 chief 
 really wants to make a new Dragon Age role-playing game, so BioWare is doing exactly that. Sure, the studio continues to focus on 
. That cooperative online sci-fi shooter is due out February 22, and it has 
. But Hudson wants to make sure you know that his team hasn’t forgotten about its roots — even if it may take until 2021 for you to return to them.
That led Hudson to post the following on 
, which he writes himself:
“If you’ve been following these blogs, or 
 and 
 on Twitter, you know we’re also working on some secret Dragon Age stuff. Dragon Age is an incredibly important franchise in our studio, and we’re excited to continue its legacy. Look for more on this in the coming month (though I won’t tell you 
 to look …).”
It’s The Game Awards. You should look during The Game Awards. On Thursday night, EA and BioWare will show off something about Dragon Age at The Game Awards.
But what is the studio going to show from the next entry in its fantasy role-playing games? Well, the more interesting question is this: Does it even have anything to show?
EA declined to comment on the details of this story.
Dragon Age 4 — or whatever name it’ll carry — is at least three years away, according to sources familiar with the studio. That timeline could change, but that is the current expectation at EA. BioWare and EA have not even settled on a name for the new Dragon Age — although that is something they could decide in preparation for a reveal at The Game Awards.
And this is not new for Dragon Age. The game has spent more than a year in limbo at EA.
In January, I 
. The studio started pre-production on a new Dragon Age, but EA threw out most of that work. At that time, the publisher was shifting its games to live services. That Dragon Age project wasn’t going to fit into that business model. As a result of that reboot, Dragon Age writer Mike Laidlaw — who had an outline prepared for the new game — left BioWare.
Following those events, the developer has not put a substantial amount of work into a new Dragon Age. BioWare needs a hit, so the entire studio is putting its efforts into ensuring a successful launch for Anthem.
So then why does Dragon Age keep coming up, and why does EA plan to talk about it in some capacity at The Game Award? That’s likely due to the passion that BioWare executive producer Mark Darrah and Hudson have for the series. And they are determined to ensure fans of the series recognize that passion within BioWare as well.
HERNDON, Va.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 4, 2018–
      MBO Partners®, the nation’s largest provider of business services for       independent contractors, today announced a partnership with Taxfyle to       provide MBO’s robust network for independent professionals year-round       complete tax care, from consultations to filings at special rates.    
      Taxfyle’s acclaimed real-time Certified Public Accountant and IRS       Enrolled Agent platform will integrate with MBO’s technologies for       independent professionals, giving clients on-demand access to tax       consultations, quarterly filings, business/personal federal and state       filings.    
      “MBO Partners offers the competitive edge today’s ambitious independent       professionals need to get ahead and stay there,” said Gene Zaino, CEO of       MBO Partners. “We continually seek innovative solutions and partnerships       like Taxfyle to help the independents we serve fuel their growth and       success. We are committed to uncovering and progressing new ideas and       solutions to keep the independent economy moving forward.”    
      Contractors working with MBO will qualify for benefits such as free       quarterly filings, a $20 discount off yearly filings and live-chat tax       consultations and tax planning.    
      “MBO sources some of the most talented independent professionals in the       U.S., servicing many of the Fortune 100. This provides Taxfyle with the       perfect stage to showcase the power of our platform,” said Ricky Lavina,       co-founder and CEO of Taxfyle. “These individuals have complex tax       situations and with Taxfyle they’ll be able to work with one of our       1,300 licensed professionals. The best thing about this solution is that       it is a true on-demand platform. They’ll be able to go from login to       working with a live pro in as little as 60 seconds.”    
      “Working with Taxfyle and MBO Partners was very hassle free,” said MBO       client Jacqueline Coats, an independent contractor working in human       resources. “It was my first filing for my new business and I was       intimidated about the whole thing, but they made it easy for me and       helped me understand all the requirements. [It is] highly recommended       for small business owners!”    
      
    
      MBO Partners has the industry’s only complete business operating system       for independent workers, offering technology solutions that make it easy       for self-employed professionals and their clients to do business. By       re-envisioning and streamlining the entire contract talent acquisition       and engagement lifecycle, MBO improves how independents operate and       succeed while helping enterprises reduce risk and get the best return on       their contractor investments. To learn more, visit 
.    
      
    
      A pioneering professional on-demand workforce company, Taxfyle matches       and connects customers to licensed certified public accountants and IRS       enrolled agents who perform tax and accounting work for them. Taxfyle’s       overall mission to make professional services as reliable and accessible       as possible. Taxfyle operates in all 50 states including Puerto Rico and       is headquartered in Coral Gables, FL. For more information, visit 
       or follow on 
and 
.    
      
MBO Partners
McLean Robbins
    
      Taxfyle
Bryan Adams
    
Electronic Arts’ 
 has delayed 
‘s Overture chapter in the Tides of War series due to the discovery of a bug.
The Overture update was due to arrive today. It adds new multiplayer and single-player content for those who bought the game, which debuted on November 20.
[
: 12/4/2018 at 4:16 p.m.: DICE 
 that the update will come on the morning of December 5].
But DICE tweeted about the delay. It’s another stumble in a tough launch for the studio, which had to delay the original launch date of October 19 to avoid being squeezed in the 
 of the Call of Duty: Black Ops 4 (October 12) and Red Dead Redemption 2 (October 26).
That followed outbursts from dissatisfied fans who were unhappy with the game since 
. Some players hated the female characters, while others thought the trailer was underwhelming.
The team has discovered an issue with the 
 Chapter 1: Overture update. Rather than create issues in the game, we’re holding the update for the time being. We don’t anticipate a long delay and we’ll be back with more news tomorrow or as soon as we have it. 
— #Battlefield V (@Battlefield) 
The update is a weighty one because it includes a new single-player War Story, dubbed The Last Tiger. That story is one of four 
 in Battlefield V, and it depicts a German Tiger I tank crew in the latter stage of the war.
 and felt like it wasn’t finished. But it has been growing on me, as I’ve enjoyed the immersiveness of the huge multiplayer battles on maps in the Netherlands and North Africa.
Overture will be coming with Panzerstorm, a new multiplayer map with a huge field for tank battles. The battle is set in the historical location of Hannut in Belgium in early 1940. As many as 17 tanks can battle at the same time. Air support will be a critical factor in stopping those tanks. Overture also has cosmetic options for vehicles, allowing players to add nose art to airplanes, as well as two arcade modes dubbed Shooting Trial and Driving Trial, where you can test drive weapons and vehicles on the Hamada map.
The single-player mission will feature a crew with a seasoned commander with a mix of veterans and new recruits as the “German war machine is crumbling,” said DICE creative director Lars Gustavsson in an interview with GamesBeat.
That story came from a focus on the intimidating legend of the Tiger I tank, said Eric Holmes, single-player design director at DICE, in an interview with GamesBeat.
“It was a powerful icon for representation of the German forces,” Holmes said. “It can generate a lot of gameplay because it can take on a lot of opponents. The challenge was how to tell a story that is authentic to the values of War Stories and is driven from the German perspective — but also isn’t apologetic, isn’t propaganda, and is truth to the people who served.”
He said that 
, the movie about a German submarine crew in World War II, was a touchstone to inspire the game designers in creating The Last Tiger.
On Tuesday, a Facebook post written by a former manager that was critical of the company was temporarily taken down and prevented from being viewed publicly, after it was erroneously flagged for violating Facebook’s community standards.
Former strategic partner manager Mark Luckie tweeted today that he received a notice from Facebook that his 
, entitled “Facebook is failing its black employees and black users,” violated the company’s community standards.
Turns out Facebook took down my post challenging discrimination at the company, disabling users’ ability to share or read it. Further proves my point. 
— Mark S. Luckie (@marksluckie) 
About 20 minutes after his initial tweet, Luckie tweeted that he received a subsequent notification from Facebook that it had restored his post. The notification said that Facebook took a second look and determined the post didn’t violate its community standards. Luckie said that he didn’t file an appeal, though the notification he received said he did.
It’s worth noting that removing posts without notice is one of the things Luckie criticized Facebook for in his initial note.
“Black people are finding that their attempts to create ‘safe spaces’ on Facebook for conversation among themselves are being derailed by the platform itself,” Luckie wrote. “Non-black people are reporting what are meant to be positive efforts as hate speech, despite them often not violating Facebook’s terms of service. 
. 
.”
The more shares a post gets, the greater the likelihood that it might come across the feed of someone who might disagree with the post and try to get it taken down by saying they think it violates Facebook standards. With the amount of posts content moderators come across each day, mistakes are bound to happen. The problem is that Facebook doesn’t always give users a lot of information about why their post is taken down. The company also just recently started enabling an 
.
Luckie left Facebook in early November. In response to his November 27 note — which also touched on the racial discrimination he and other black employees said they faced at Facebook — Facebook’s director of corporate media relations Anthony Harrison said in a statement that “we want to fully support all employees when there are issues reported and when there may be micro-behaviors that add up. We are going to keep doing all we can to be a truly inclusive company.”
Harrison said in response to a request for comment today that Facebook is still trying to sort out what happened. We’ll update this post with any further information.
Uptake of Apple’s 
 operating system for iPhones, iPads, and iPod touches continues to grow, a new Apple update 
 today, as a full 70 percent of all iOS devices are now on the latest major release. The milestone was reached December 3, or 77 days after the operating system’s September 17 debut.
Once again, Apple has provided two sets of statistics — one for all devices, and a second, higher number of 72 percent adoption for devices “sold in the last four years.” In both cases, the gains came largely at the expense of iOS 11, which lost around 10 percent of its users to iOS 12, while earlier versions of iOS continue to hold onto a less than 10 percent share — a shrinking 9 percent of all devices, versus a stable 7 percent of devices sold in the last four years.
Unlike Apple, which has provided continued updates showing the growth of iOS 12, 
 hasn’t been updated since late October, when 
 apparently represented under 0.1 percent of the Android userbase.
Google released Pie in early August 2018, and most recently put out an updated version just yesterday, though relatively few Android devices appear to be running the release. Android 9’s numbers could go up over the next month or two, however, as new devices are sold through the holidays with the latest OS preinstalled.
Developers, mark your calendars: Facebook announced today that its annual F8 conference will be held on April 30 – May 1, 2019 at the 
 in San Jose, California.
Though Facebook hasn’t released the official schedule yet, the two-day affair typically starts with a live-streamed keynote, followed by private workshops and networking events for attending developers.
F8 has typically been where the company showcases the most innovative product developments on its plate for the coming year to a friendly audience. In 2010, Facebook unveiled its Open Graph API. In 2017, it revealed that its secretive hardware research group Building 8 was developing 
.
However, last year’s F8 conference was a much more subdued affair. Facebook was still dealing with backlash from both users and developers after a series of stories about its dealings with data analytics firm Cambridge Analytica. Users were angry that Facebook failed to properly secure their data, while developers were frustrated with the lack of communication from Facebook after it 
 in the wake of the backlash.
It’s too soon to tell if 2019 will also prove to be flashy or not — we’ll have to see what new scandals Facebook faces come spring.
Registration for the event hasn’t opened yet, thought developers can go to the 
 for updates.
 will take place in Los Angeles at the 
, a “micro-amusement park” that’s like an arcade meets 
 in the Arts District. And now we’re ready to name our first three speakers for the event taking place April 23 and April 24.
 for GamesBeat 2019. Early bird tickets are just $595 for both days for a limited time only. For those looking for deal making, consider a VIP access pass for an additional $395 that includes access to a luxury VIP lounge, private meeting rooms, VIP lunch with yours truly, and more. And, as always we have special pricing for a limited number of Indie developers at $299.
The first of our many speakers are:
Our theme this year is 
. Our speakers and guests will talk about the best practices for building sustainable and positive communities in games.
Strong communities can help boost the staying power and hit status of games, as loyal fans keep coming back over and over and spread word-of-mouth goodness about games in an authentic way. But it’s no secret that communities can be a double-edged sword, especially when it comes to topics like hazing, harassment, and rebellions against monetization tactics.
Game companies have to walk tightropes, and our hope is that GamesBeat Summit will point the way to the best strategies for building thriving communities.
GamesBeat Summit is the destination summit for networking, inspiration, and industry insight. With the right people in the room to make great deals happen, our flagship industry event attracts the hottest game developers and publishers, as well as industry CEOs, executives, marketers, and venture capitalists.
Above: Jam City founders Chris DeWolfe (left) and Josh Yguado.
DeWolfe made his mark in the rising Los Angeles social media community by founding MySpace in 2003. The social network grew to more than 135 million monthly unique visitors, and he sold it to News Corp. in 2005 for $580 million. But DeWolfe wasn’t quite done. In 2010, DeWolfe teamed up with Austin Ventures to purchase MindJolt, a social gaming platform.
It merged with several companies and in 2012 it adopted Social Gaming Network (SGN) as its name. The acquisitions continued, with the addition of TinyCo (maker of Family Guy: The Quest for Stuff) in mid-2016. SGN rebranded itself as Jam City, and it went on to big hits in mobile casual games such as Panda Pop and Cookie Jam. The company acquired a few more games in 2018, and it also launched one of its best known titles, Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery.
All along the way, DeWolfe argued for the merits of consolidation and efficiency, as he wanted to create a sustainable mobile-first game company that could launch both branded and original entertainment while leveraging close Hollywood relationships. I’ve interviewed DeWolfe multiple times and have always found him thoughtful. I’m looking forward to a good chat onstage under the bright lights.
Above: Activision’s Mike Sepso at GamesBeat 2016.
 cofounded the pioneering esports company MLG in 2002 with 
 They foresaw the day when watching people play games would be just as popular as watching professionals play traditional sports. They sold the company in 2015 to Activision Blizzard, where Sepso went on to help design the successful Overwatch League.
Sepso readily admits he was a little too far ahead of the curve sometimes, but he still has a lot of fresh things to say and do in esports. He recently joined the 
 Overwatch team in a bid to expand esports on a local level in New York City. And he also teamed up with former NBA executive Bobby Sharma to start an esports advisory firm 
(ESG).
They will share their experience in sports and esports and help make big deals happen to bring in more advertisers, brands, and media companies into the world of esports. Sepso spoke at our GamesBeat 2016 event, as you can see in the picture above. But so much has changed in esports since then.
Esports is expected to grow to 250 million enthusiast fans and $1.7 billion in revenues by 2021, according to market researcher 
.
Above: Tommy Tallarico is head of Intellivision Entertainment and founder of Video Games Live.
Tommy Tallarico grew up with the joy of playing the 
 video game console, a machine from Mattel that gave Atari a run for its money in the early 1980s. Now he has acquired the rights to the console and its original games, and he plans to relaunch Intellivision as a retro brand.
A wave of nostalgia has hit gamers, with 
 and 
 taking advantage with launches, both recent and pending, of older game consoles. Now they’ll have a new competitor with 
, as Tallarico told us in an exclusive interview.
Now we’ll hear what Tallarico, a renowned video game musician and founder of the global concert series Video Games Live, has to say about remaking a classic video game console. He’ll have plenty of competition, and he hopes to get a lot of help from small game developers in his quest to remind everyone what gaming was all about in its early days.
We’re honored to have these speakers. They’ll be speaking in fireside chats on our business stage, and we’ll also figure out if they can contribute to our consumer-focused talks in a second hall.
Not everything is going excellent all of the time for these companies, as 
 But we’ll ask them the straight questions that will prompt good debates, lessons learned, and news for the elite gaming audience.
At a lot of company-run events, we only hear happy talk. But we think that bringing the leaders of the industry together from different sectors helps refine the best thinking, and you often get wisdom from lessons that are hard learned. These kinds of talks and the chance for networking across sectors and industries is what will make our event unique in the crowded conference space.
Our event is going to be an intimate affair. And our location this year fits right with our theme. Two Bit Circus is a 40,0000-square-foot playground for all ages, with entertainment that includes escape rooms, virtual reality experiences, a VIP loft, live interactive games, a robot bartender show, and modern versions of carnival games. Our attendees will be able to hear business talks in the Club 101 auditorium and consumer-focused talks in a second hall.
We’ll be taking full advantage of the environment by integrating contests and team play for all to participate in.
We’re still forming our topics around growing communities. The discussions will likely focus on the rise of virtual reality and augmented reality communities; exclusive and high-end game communities; esports communities; divided communities; massively multiplayer online worlds; the convergence of sci-fi, tech, and games; game jams; the future of game technology; monetization; the rise of influencers; and the oncoming changes from blockchain and cryptocurrency.
This is our 10th year of GamesBeat events and this year promises to be the best one yet. Stay tuned as we announce more great speakers to our first-rate lineup.
We’ve all been there: You’re standing next to a smiling group of friends, ready with your smartphone to snap the perfect group selfie, but you’re forced to take a step back because your exposure settings are out of whack. Everything’s far too bright or too dim, a condition your camera’s finicky automatic settings aren’t helping any.
Researchers at Chinese smartphone giant 
 describe a solution to the exposure dilemma in a new paper (“
“) accepted at NeurIPS 2018 in Montreal. In it, they describe an AI system capable of segmenting an image into multiple “sub-images,” each associated with a local exposure, that it subsequently uses to retouch the original input photo.
“The accurate exposure is the key of capturing high-quality photos in computational photography, especially for mobile phones that are limited by sizes of camera modules,” the researchers wrote. “Inspired by luminosity masks usually applied by professional photographers, in this paper, we develop a novel algorithm for learning local exposures with deep reinforcement adversarial learning.”
The AI pipeline — dubbed DeepExposure — kicks things off with image segmentation. Next comes an “action-generating” stage during which the input low-resolution, sub-images, and direct fusion of the images are concatenated and processed by a policy network that computes each’s local and global exposures. After the images pass through local and global value filters, the model completes a finishing step in which a value function evaluates the overall quality. Finally, the sub-images are blended together with the input image.
The neural networks at play here are of the generative adversarial network (GAN) variety. Broadly speaking, GANs are two-part neural networks consisting of 
 that produce samples and 
that attempt to distinguish between the generated samples and real-world samples. To train the discriminator, the researchers randomly chose small batches of machine-retouched and expert-retouched photos; the contrast, illumination, and saturation features are extracted and concatenated with the RGB image to form an input.
They “taught” the AI system in Google’s TensorFlow framework on a Nvidia P40 Tesla GPU, and their corpus of choice was MIT-Adobe FiveK, a dataset containing 5,000 RAW photos — i.e., files with minimally processed data from the image sensor — and corresponding retouched ones edited by five experts for each photo. Specifically, they used 2,000 unretouched images, 2,000 retouched images, and 1,000 RAW images for testing.
DeepExposure outperformed state-of-the-art algorithms in key metrics, managing to consistently restore most details and styles in original images while enhancing brightness and colors.
“[Our] method bridges deep-learning methods and traditional methods of filtering: Deep-learning methods serve to learn parameters of filters, which makes more precise filtering of traditional methods,” the team wrote. “And traditional methods reduce the training time of deep-learning methods because filtering pixels is much faster than generating pixels with neural networks.”
Months after 
 that the VR market would soon experience a rebound after a sharp drop in shipments, IDC today 
 a positive report on the combined virtual and augmented reality market: Led by two headsets, the VR market saw 8.2 percent year-over-year growth in the third quarter of 2018, with AR headsets achieving a smaller 1.1 percent gain.
The quarter’s VR shipment leader was Oculus, which shipped a combined 491,000 units of its 
 and 
 headsets, accounting for 25.9 percent of the entire VR market. These numbers don’t include the nearly 60,000 units sold of Xiaomi’s Mi VR, which is the same device as the Oculus Go under a different name.
But 
 was the single best-selling headset in the quarter with shipments of 463,000 headsets, topping Rift’s 300,000 units and HTC’s sales of 230,000 Vives. The continued strength of PSVR — a tethered solution requiring a PlayStation 4 console — is particularly noteworthy given that standalone VR headsets have grown to 20.6 percent of the market. By contrast, IDC says that shipments of screenless VR devices such as Samsung Gear VR have declined by 58.6 percent, as brands including Google have “significantly scaled back their efforts” on these accessory-class headsets.
Augmented reality isn’t seeing quite the same level of interest, though. While commercial-grade 
 and 
 headsets helped drive industrial AR solutions to a meager 1.1 percent year-over-year growth, AR’s top seller otherwise was Lenovo’s AR toy 
, which sold 23,000 units. Despite describing Microsoft’s expensive, relatively weak-selling 
 as “one of the most popular AR headsets” right now, IDC says sales have slowed ahead of an expected next-generation release in 2019.
Given the lack of mainstream AR headset apps and continued consumer interest in VR games, it’s no surprise that VR now makes up over 97 percent of the combined VR/AR market. That said, IDC is seeing continued interest from technology companies in AR, and expects new 2019 hardware to improve demand.
 and 
 announced today that their mobile game 
 has made over $114 million revenue. It has also reached over 70 million downloads since its launch in 2016.
The free-to-play game has players creating their Disney park. You can decorate your destination with attractions and characters from Disney and Pixar films and build your own version of Disneyland. Building things takes time, but you can speed up the process through in-game purchases.
“We are thrilled to celebrate this key milestone for Disney Magic Kingdoms as it demonstrates how beloved the game is by players,” said Stéphane Roussel, chairman and chief executive officer at Gameloft, in a press release sent to GamesBeat. “Working with Disney to bring their latest stories to life through the game is an honor, and we are delighted to continue offering players new, iconic content day after day.”
To celebrate the milestone, the game is adding characters from the recent Disney animated hit 
. The update, which Gameloft says is the biggest since the title launched, includes 12 new attractions, shops, and decorations. It also includes new costumes for the princesses Cinderella, Jasmine, Belle and Ariel.
 has made over 
 since its debut on November 21. This bit of cross promotion can help bring more eyes to Disney Magic Kingdoms.
In-display fingerprint scanning was something of a holy grail for smartphone makers two years ago, but hiccups in making the technology actually work reliably led companies to use alternative solutions instead. Qualcomm kept working on the concept, though, and today announced the 3D Sonic Sensor — a solution it calls “the world’s first under-display ultrasonic fingerprint scanner” — with a major splash planned for 2019.
As its name suggests, the 3D Sonic Sensor’s key innovation is a fingerprint reader that uses sonic rather than optical scanning technology to record and match fingerprints. Qualcomm notes that the ultrasonic scan images the ridges and details of fingers in three dimensions, and is able to “see” through contaminants such as water, oil, grime, and debris to provide an accurate scan of the finger underneath.
Critically, the sensor fits inside a smartphone screen, enabling it to achieve the same space savings that would otherwise come from eliminating a home button or installing a narrow side-mounted scanner or awkward rear-mounted sensor. Qualcomm says that sensor will enable “sleek, cutting-edge form factors” and distinguish itself from alternatives by providing higher levels of security and accuracy.
While the 3D Sonic Sensor is being made available to OEMs this year, it’s expected to appear in flagship devices from an unnamed major company in 2019. Given Qualcomm’s history with Apple, it’s unlikely to be iPhones, leaving Samsung, Xiaomi, Motorola, and Google phones as likely alternatives.
We’re particularly looking forward to seeing whether Qualcomm’s scanner can outperform 
, which gave up on phone and tablet fingerprint authentication in favor of depth-scanning facial recognition — a technology now found in 
, as well as the 
. There’s also a possibility that the 3D Sonic Sensor could appear in a next-generation Samsung Galaxy Watch, as Samsung has recently worked to 
 This would bring a higher level of security to wearables than is currently offered, albeit arguably with lower convenience to users.
Though two U.S. and three South Korean carriers are already rolling out next-generation 5G wireless services, Qualcomm said today at its 
 that 2019 will be the big year for 5G launches across the world. The company expects 20 different operators to launch 5G over the next year, with 18 OEMs making 5G devices that use Qualcomm’s next flagship mobile platform: the Snapdragon 855.
If those carrier and OEM numbers sound familiar, they are, though the 2019 launch date is now much closer than when Qualcomm provided a 
 in early February 2018. Back then, 
 to begin 5G deployments in 2019, so the number of carriers has gone up by two while the OEM list has dropped by one.
There have been dozens of 5G developments in the subsequent 10 months, including successful ratification of the full international 5G standard, numerous field tests, and even launches of small-scale 5G networks in several countries. But most carriers have been waiting for 5G components small enough to fit in smartphones, leading Qualcomm to introduce 
, and Intel to 
 of a second-generation modem that could appear in iPhones.
Yesterday, Samsung announced that it would 
, a proof of concept version of which is being shown off at the Tech Summit this week. AT&T today said that it was 
 to bring a 5G phone to its network in spring 2019. Additionally, Qualcomm showed off a reference phone with live 5G functionality on stage at the Tech Summit, demonstrating that Snapdragon 855 technology can fit into a modern-looking design.
Apart from South Korea, which surprisingly launched three 5G networks on December 1, Qualcomm noted that international 5G networks will be coming throughout 2019 — including Europe, China, Japan, and Australia. In most of these regions, 5G will launch with sub-6GHz radios, but Qualcomm expects that faster millimeter wave technology will come to both Europe and South Korea in the second half of 2019.
Above: Qualcomm President Cristiano Amon shows off the company’s first live 5G reference phone design.
While most details on the Snapdragon 855 platform are being held for official announcement tomorrow, Qualcomm confirmed today that it’s using the 855 name rather than the previously rumored “8150” designation. It is describing the Snapdragon 855 as the “world’s first commercial mobile platform supporting multi-gigabit 5G, industry-leading AI and immersive extended reality (XR).”
According to Qualcomm SVP Alex Katouzian, the Snapdragon 855 will have a fourth-generation, multi-core AI engine with up to three times its predecessor’s performance, the world’s first computer vision ISP core for next-generation photo and video processing, and “Snapdragon Elite Gaming.” It will also support an optional in-display fingerprint scanner called the 
. We’ll have more to share on both the Sensor and Snapdragon 855 soon.
Fans of 
 can begin playing as the new operators Nomad and Kaid today. Operation Wind Bastion is live now on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One for players who own Siege’s Year 3 pass. If you don’t have the pass, you can unlock it using in-game currency or premium credits December 11.
Nomad and Kaid add one new operator to the attacker and defenders categories, respectively. These Moroccan heroes continue Ubisoft trend of introducing new ways to counter existing and popular strategies. They are also a big part of the ongoing live-services business model that encourages players to keep coming back to check out new content and to spend additional money on the game.
Here’s how the new characters break down:
She is an attacker that can knock players out of action even if they are taking cover behind walls or shields. Her Airjab is a projectile gadget that launches a grenade that creates a huge burst of wind. This won’t kill opponents, but it should knock them to the ground and prevent them from firing their weapon. This is trouble for shield defenders, who will drop their normally impenetrable guard when they climb back onto their feet.
He is a defender that can fend off aggressive breaches from attackers. His Rtila electroclaw is device you can throw that sticks to surfaces and electrifies anything that is metal. That includes reinforced hatches on the ceiling and deployable shields.
Fortress is the new map included with Wind Bastion for all players. It is free and set in Morocco, which is where both new operators hail from. Fortress is specifically the home of Kaid, so you will see pictures of him around the facility that doubles as a military training outpost.
While Fortress may only have two floors, Ubisoft has still given it plenty of verticality. That’s especially true for attackers who can exclusively access roof towers to drop down onto the second floor.
The map also gives defenders plenty of opportunities to funnel attackers into kill boxes like the bathroom. And attackers can try to avoid those ambushes by using some of flanking rooms to get long lines of sight on objective locations.
Fortress is also live now and joins the regular rotation of maps in Siege.
Google today 
 Chrome 71 for Windows, Mac, and Linux. The release includes an expanded ad blocker, warnings for unclear mobile billing services, support for relative times, and plenty more developer-specific features. You can update to the latest version now using Chrome’s built-in updater or download it directly from 
.
With 
, Chrome is both a browser and a major platform that web developers must consider. In fact, with Chrome’s regular additions and changes, developers often must make an effort to stay on top of everything available — as well as what has been 
 — most notably, 
 for extensions.
With Chrome 71, Google is 
 — buttons designed to intentionally mislead and trick users into taking action on the web — by having the browser’s ad blocker cut off revenue for sites that create these abusive experiences.
Google last year joined the 
, a group that offers specific 
 for how the industry should improve ads for consumers. In February, Chrome 
 (including those owned or served by Google) on websites that display non-compliant ads, as defined by the coalition. When a Chrome user navigates to a page, the browser’s ad filter checks if that page belongs to a site that fails the Better Ads Standards. If so, network requests on the page are checked against a list of known ad-related URL patterns and any matches are blocked, preventing ads from displaying on the page.
Now Google is using the same strategy for abusive experiences. These ads trick users into clicking on them by pretending to be system warnings or contain “close” buttons that do not actually close the ad. In some cases, they can even steal personal information.
Above: Abusive experience: A close button opens unwanted pop-up windows.
Google didn’t say how many sites this crackdown will affect — the company only said it sees a “small number of sites with persistent abusive experiences.”
If you’re a site owner or administrator, use Google Search Console’s 
 to check if your site contains abusive experiences that need to be corrected or removed. If any are found, you will have 30 days to fix them before Chrome starts blocking ads on your site.
Chrome 71 for Android isn’t out quite yet, but it should arrive soon over on 
. Chrome 71 for iOS meanwhile is available on 
 with the following changelog:
The first one, the only feature addition, probably should have been added ages ago. The other two are just fixes and improvements.
As promised, Google’s browser on mobile and desktop, as well as in Android WebView, now 
 if it detects a webpage with unclear mobile billing services. If there is insufficient mobile subscription information available to the user, Chrome will let you know.
Chrome 71 also implements 43 security fixes. The following were found by external researchers:
Google thus spent at least $59,000 in bug bounties for this release. As always, the security fixes alone should be enough incentive for you to upgrade.
Chrome 71 introduces Intl.RelativeTimeFormat(), which brings phrases such as “yesterday” or “in three months” to the JavaScript engine. Such phrases are not part of built-in date and time APIs because that would require downloading lists of customary words or phrases for each supported language, increasing a library’s bundle size and download time. The 
 can also retrieve information for multiple languages, dealing with parts of a date or time individually (in other words, formatToParts()).
Chrome 71 
 the V8 JavaScript engine to version 7.1. It includes memory improvements, performance tweaks, structured cloning of Wasm modules, and new JavaScript language features. Check out the 
 for more information.
Other developer features in this release include:
For a full rundown of what’s new, check out the 
.
Google releases a new version of its browser every six weeks or so. Chrome 72 will arrive by late January.
Pearl Abyss, the South Korean game company that bought 
, announced today that it is adding a battle royale mode and an archer character to its popular 
 an online role-playing game. In doing so, the game publisher is responding to the chorus demanding a “last player standing” mode like with Fortnite, PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds, and Call of Duty: Black Ops 4.
Jae-Hee Kim, executive producer of Black Desert Online, announced the new mode onstage in a keynote at the Festa event in Amsterdam.
Above: Shadow Arena is the new battle royale mode in Black Desert Online.
Pearl Abyss said that Black Desert Online has 
 registered players, and that should give it plenty of players to fill the Shadow Arena, a new battle royale survival mode.
In this mode, every player starts as a Black Spirit and needs to find a fallen adventurer and possess it. By destroying nearby supply crates and defeating mobs (aka weaker enemies that fill adventuring zones), players can accumulate equipment and skills. When everyone is killed except for one survivor, the game ends with a victory message.
Currently, this battle royale supports up to 50 players, and the Shadow Arena should come to the South Korean service this winter. A release for Western players will follow later.
Meanwhile, the Archer is the 17th class to arrive in Black Desert Online. Kim announced the Archer will be released globally on December 12, with adventurers able to spec out their Archer in Black Desert Online’s character creator from December 5.
The Archer uses a crossbow for a stylish ranged attack and skill combos. In addition, the Archer has an assortment of magic skills that assist in combat by upsetting the opponents’ balance and wreak havoc by unleashing a flurry of arrows with the crossbow from afar.
Also, a new territory named O’dyllita is under development and will be targeted to release in South Korea in the first half of next year. It features many new fantastic locales such as The Valley of Olun, the Thorn Tree Forest, and the Castle of Thorns.
These lands are inhabited by the Turo, large powerful beasts that move in groups of two or three. Another race of mobs is the Ahib, dark magic-wielding bear-like creatures that are a force to be reckoned with.
And a new type of conflict called Territory War is under development that will focus on the feud between Calpheon and Valencia. Territory War is a war between nations, unlike the war between guilds in Conquest or Node War. All guilds that occupy level 3 and level 4 nodes in Calpheon will fight against the guilds that occupy level 3 and 4 nodes in Valencia.
      
    
  
BURNABY, British Columbia–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 4, 2018–
      
®,       the creator of industry-leading PCoIP® technology and Cloud Access       Software, today announced expanded support for multicloud environments.       Users of Teradici Cloud Access Software can now manage virtual machines       deployed from public clouds, private data centers or any combination of       the two via a newly updated Cloud Access Manager. With the introduction       of multicloud entitlements, companies can now create and manage these       virtual environments on AWS, Google Cloud, Microsoft Azure or via their       on-premise infrastructure, benefiting from the flexibility and agility       that a multicloud strategy enables.    
      “Teradici is committed to supporting our customers and their multicloud       strategy. Expanding the capabilities of Cloud Access Software provides       more flexibility and simplifies how businesses can securely deliver       high-performance virtual workstations across their entire organization,”       said David Smith, CEO of Teradici. “Our technology enables enterprise       organizations the flexibility to easily and quickly scale their cloud       deployments up or down using a mix of private and public clouds.”    
      “With the multicloud capabilities of Cloud Access Software, we can       connect staff and freelance artists to virtual desktops in our in-studio       private cloud or to high performance work environments hosted in the       public cloud,” said Jeremy Smith, CTO, Jellyfish Pictures. “We have the       flexibility and agility to scale our IT infrastructure, via private or       public clouds, based on project requirements.”    
      
, powered by 
, securely delivers applications and desktops to knowledge       workers and power users requiring even the most graphics-intensive       applications. For skilled remote teams and contingent workers       (freelancers, contractors, agencies, etc.) in computer-aided design       (CAD), to architectural design, to 3D modeling and video editing among       many others, access to rich applications that enable them to get work       done is mission critical.    
      “With heavy projects consisting of multi-terabytes of data, it is       critical for us to process these projects on secure workstations and to       keep the data close,” said Paul DiGiacobbe, Geospatial Services       Director, Maser Consulting. “By tapping Teradici’s PCoIP powered Cloud       Access Software in the public cloud, it will not only allow for secure       access to our large sets of data, but it will enable better staff       augmentation since we don’t have to move the heavy data to our employees       based in different offices across the company.”    
      Companies are leveraging Teradici’s unique technology to accelerate       their enterprise cloud transition without compromising application       access or user experience. Teradici’s true multicloud support enables       any combination of public or private cloud environments, Windows or       Linux virtual desktops and GPU or non-GPU based infrastructure, while,       in all cases, delivering the high-performance user experience that       millions of enterprises using PCoIP technology enjoy today.    
      Teradici Cloud Access Software:    
      Teradici’s technology is currently used across several industries       including financial services, government, healthcare, education,       manufacturing, and media & entertainment and continues to make it       possible for more industries to use its technology. Cloud Access       Software with the enhanced Cloud Access Manager can be purchased through       Teradici global channel partners and is also available through public       cloud marketplaces.    
      For more information about Teradici, please visit 
    
      For more information about Cloud Access Software and Cloud Access       Manager please visit 
       or read “
”    
      
    
      Teradici is the creator of the PCoIP remoting protocol technology and       Cloud Access Software, the leading solution for a cloud-ready future.       The company, founded in 2004 and based in Burnaby, British Columbia       outside of Vancouver, is focused on its core mission of seamless       delivery of workstations and applications for end-users.    
      Teradici PCoIP® technology is the most secure remoting technology in the       marketplace, enabling visualization of even the most graphics-intensive       applications. Teradici Cloud Access Software, built on PCoIP technology,       enables enterprises to securely leverage public cloud GPU instances to       confidently lift and shift the most graphics-intensive Windows or Linux       applications to the public cloud, avoiding costly rewrites.    
      The company’s technology is deployed by Fortune 500 enterprises,       government agencies and service providers from around the world.       Teradici also partners with leading cloud providers to continue       delivering the best user experience and enabling our customers’ the       ability to scale to millions of users.    
      
    
      Carmen Mantalas on behalf of Teradici
    
NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 5, 2018–
      
,       a marketplace for furnished apartments and legal short-term rentals, has       made renting accommodations in some of the most desirable neighborhoods       in NYC, convenient, secure, and hassle-free. The online short-term       rentals booking marketplace intends to make it easy for users to find       and book rentals.    
      
       employs a team of multilingual agents who know the ins and outs of       renting a private, short-term accommodation in Manhattan. Every member       of the team has years behind them and know exactly what people looking       for short-term accommodation need. Their objective is to provide a       first-grade renting and letting experience to both tenants and landlords.    
      APT212 has a short-term, private accommodation solution for every need       and budget. The 
 has the largest selection of short-term furnished       apartments and private rooms in Manhattan. Booking a rental with APT212       is as easy as 1-2-3. In addition to providing renters with a       user-friendly and seamless website that works as a virtual broker,       APT212 employs a team of local agents that capitalize on their easy       application process that requires minimal paperwork to simplify the       renting process further.    
      The online short-term accommodation rental marketplace only works with       verified management companies and landlords ensuring 100% compliance       with the laws. This saves renters from the struggle of having to deal       with illegal hosts and sites.    
      NYC is one of the highest performing short-term rentals markets in the       entire world. Of the 600 million visitors that came to NYC in 2017,       nearly 25% were international. The revenue generated by the short-term       rental market in the last 5 years has been more than $500 million. This       is an indication of how the market has grown in the last decade and the       role APT212 has played in this market shift.    
      The part of APT212 in helping people rent some of the finest furnished       apartments and 
 across NYC, in some of the most prestigious 
,       has been immense, to say the least. It has helped renters, especially       international visitors and students, overcome the obstacles that are       common in the NYC rental market. From quality control issues, safety       risks, scams, excessive paperwork, strict financial requirements, and       other similar obstacles, APT212 takes care of everything.    
      In the last few years, APT212 has been better than its competitors in       every aspect. The likes of Airbnb, StreetEasy, Onefinestay, HomeAway,       are strong competitors that fall short in comparison to what APT212       provides its customers. APT212 abides by NYC regulations and provides       affordable and luxury apartment rentals, instant online booking, access       to local booking agents, qualified landlords. Its competition is nowhere       a match.    
      
    
      APT212 is an online marketplace for furnished apartments, private rooms,       sublets, and short-term rentals. It offers easy solutions to rent       temporary accommodation in NYC. It offers the best selection of rental       apartments in the most desirable neighborhoods of Manhattan.    
      APT212
Daniel duPlantier
    
Career website 
 today released its 11th annual Employees’ Choice Awards, a list of 
 for in the coming year. 
 was crowned as the number one tech company to work for in 2019, and the second best company to work for overall (Bain & Company was first).
Zoom is best known for providing 
, including 
. The small company beat out Facebook, which is having a tough year, to say the least. That said, Facebook has been named the top tech company five out of 11 times: in 2011, 2012, 2013, 2017, and 2018.
Going back a few years, Airbnb was first for 2016, Google led for 2015, and Twitter won for 2014. Neither Airbnb nor Twitter made the list for 2018 nor for 2019. Google did, as did Apple — these are the only two tech companies to make the list all 11 years. But Google was number 8, while Apple was all the way down at number 71.
Last year, when Glassdoor expanded its list to include the top 100, 28 tech companies made the cut. There were 29 tech companies on this year’s U.S. list (ratings are based on a five-point scale, from 1.0 as very dissatisfied to 5.0 as very satisfied):
Every year, tech companies are prominently displayed on top lists like Glassdoor’s. After all, jobs in the tech industry 
. After the 29 companies in tech, the next few categories have significantly fewer representatives: health care (13 companies), retail (eight companies), manufacturing (eight companies), consulting (five companies), and finance (five companies).
The Employees’ Choice Awards list is based on the input of employees who choose to provide feedback (at least 75 must respond) on their job, work environment, and company via an anonymous online company review survey. Glassdoor then uses a “proprietary algorithm” to determine an overall ranking “based on the quantity, quality, and consistency of reviews.”
Results are thus based on what employees anonymously tell Glassdoor about their employer. Employees can provide feedback on eight workplace attributes: overall company rating, career opportunities, compensation and benefits, culture and values, senior management, work/life balance, recommend to a friend, and six-month business outlook. Glassdoor also considers various types of employment status, including full-time, part-time, contract, and freelance. Intern reviews are not considered, nor are reviews from employees at government organizations, universities, or multi-level marketing agencies.
Back in 2015 the Electronic Sports League, one of the largest and most popular esports organizations across the globe began to require competitive gamers to submit to 
 — including cannabis. A headline-making event that crossed over into mainstream media at the time, the ESL’s decision was a subtle but definitive nod to the changing perceptions of the cannabis plant and its derivatives, such as CBD. In fact, far from being a detriment to professional gamers, cannabis — and by association CBD —was recognized as a net positive by the ESL; a neurocognitive boost that gave players an unfair competitive edge.
That’s not to say that professional gamers can’t partake; in fact, it’s quite the opposite. The ESL was clear in its decision that things like cannabis and CBD cannot be used during a competition, but also noted that gamers could do what they want on their own time, a dynamic shift from what is found in most professional sports leagues.
“We’re banning marijuana because it is already on the banned list of substances as defined by WADA, and it’s that list we’re going to use,” ESL head of communications Anna Rozwandowicz told reporters at the time.
“Marijuana is on the list of prohibited substances for during the competition,” the ESL clarified when outlining the new rules. “This means that recreational use of it outside (before) the event days will not be punished. Using it during the tournament — from the start of the first day until the end of the last day of competition — is strictly prohibited.”
For the uninitiated, cannabidiol, or CBD, is one of over 100 cannabinoids found in the cannabis plant. Its rise in popularity over the past five years comes not only from the benefits it provides but from the fact that, unlike THC, CBD does not result in any psychotropic activity. In other words, users don’t experience the “high” typically associated with medical marijuana.
“CBD is used for everything from physical ailments, like pain and inflammation, to assisting users with everything from mental acuity, anxiety, and even depression,” said Joe Casanova, a representative of Diamond CBD Inc., one of the more prominent CBD manufacturers to arise over the past few years. “And the potential for what this compound does continues to grow, with researchers learning more about cannabidiol every day.”
The folks at 
 know a thing or two about cannabidiol, having recently been listed among the top-tier CBD companies in the world by 
 They’re the manufacturers of such popular products as Chong’s Choice CBD, created in concert with counterculture icon Tommy Chong, as well as LT PainMaster, the official CBD cream of NFL Hall-of-Famer Lawrence Taylor. The company has an extensive product line that includes CBD oils, CBD edibles, and CBD creams, along with a successful line of products designed for pets.
And while CBD has found favor with everyone from pets to senior citizens, Casanova noted that it’s no coincidence the industry’s rise mirrors the growth in popularity of esports.
“Gamers have always sought out ways to gain a competitive advantage,” said Casanova. “CBD gives them an all-natural option that complements the body’s natural processes without introducing any sort of toxins into your system.”
Like CBD, professional gaming was once mired in a set of cultural stereotypes that all too often led the mainstream public to dismiss the sport. Today, however, each is a lynchpin to their respective multi-billion dollar industries, both embraced by ever-expansive target demographics. And although both CBD and gaming will always be enjoyed as leisurely activities to some degree, each has managed to transcend their place in the zeitgeist.
Global esport revenues should reach over 
, with a total global audience of over 380 million people, according to a recent report from Amsterdam-based research firm Newzoo. Similarly, the Hemp Business Journal notes that the global CBD oil market 
.
As Diamond CBD’s Casanova noted, it was only a matter of time before the two industries crossed paths. Professional gamers, for example, have always sought out some form of nootropics or other product to enhance their timing and skills. Compounds such as L-Theanine or even caffeine have historically been used to help gamers stay alert and focus.
Unfortunately, those same compounds put undue stress on the body, creating a situation where the risks aren’t worth the rewards.
“CBD works with the body’s natural systems,” said Casanova. “It supplements the endocannabinoid system causing no side effects and no undue harm, giving gamers the perfect boost without any crash.”
Of course, being an unregulated market, professional and amateur gamers alike need to be careful when choosing from whom to purchase their CBD. In fact, it’s the reason why the CEO of Diamond CBD’s parent company, PotNetwork Holdings, has launched a national CBD education campaign as part of a broader call to action for quality and accountability across the industry.
“Our new CEO is doing some really innovative stuff, things that we think the gamer community would really appreciate when it comes to quality and transparency in the CBD industry,” said Casanova of the company’s new initiative. “He truly believes that for us to succeed, the industry as a whole must do well.”
So what should professional gamers look for in a CBD product? According to Casanova, third-party testing is critical.
“Any company that doesn’t send all of their products out to a third-party lab to test for synthetics or illegal substances you should stay away from,” he said. “At Diamond, we send all of our products out to multiple independent labs to ensure the safety of our products.”
Diamond CBD has also instituted a slew of new safety measures, from QR codes to holographic seals, all designed to put customers first. Because as esport organizations begin to recognize the power and efficacy of CBD, the last thing gamers need is to unknowingly test positive for some substance they had no intention of ingesting.
“For today’s professional gamers, CBD is truly the ideal neurocognitive enhancer,” said Casanova, reflecting on the benefits of all-natural hemp-derived CBD. “It offers a long-term, natural solution to aid gamers with alertness, focus, and stronger mental acuity, all without the crash found in traditional performance enhancers.”
 was all over the internet last night, as the top trending item on Twitter and airing on 40 global video networks, including live coverage in China. It certainly felt more 
, with so many more world premieres of games across more than three hours of programming.
If only the Oscars were this entertaining. You see, the good thing about 
‘s show is that it shows you gaming’s past with the awards, but it also points to the future with the sneak peeks at next year’s games.
And the awards weren’t boring, because there was some tough competition this year with games like Red Dead Redemption 2, Marvel’s Spider-Man, Celeste, Dead Cells, and God of War. Josef Fares, who declared last year “
,” came out onstage again at this year’s The Game Awards, but he didn’t have to give his rant about how games are as culturally relevant as movies. With everyone doing the 
, that’s kind of obvious now.
Above: God of War wins!
I was stunned to see Sony’s 
 take both the 
 titles, partly because it came out last spring and because Red Dead Redemption 2 seemed to be sweeping a lot of the big awards.
But it was so nice to be surprised. The year before, 
 ran away with the awards because it had no real competition. But Nintendo didn’t have to worry so much, since the biggest cheer of the night came when they announced a new character from Persona would appear in the Super Smash Brothers Ultimate game.
I would have picked 
 for Game of the Year (and I did, in the voting). I felt like it raised the bar for seamless interaction between cinematics, scripted scenes, and gameplay. I felt so immersed in that world as I played the game for more than 50 hours across 105 missions. You could tell it was built with care, with more than 2,000 people working on it for as long as eight years.
The story was massive, and perhaps it was just a little too big, as I’m sure many people haven’t finished it yet.
But I would not begrudge God of War, which Sony Santa Monica made over seven years. That game was a brilliant reboot of the franchise, as it turned a hack-‘n’-slash title into something much deeper.
Above: Three amigos.
The story of Kratos, the God of War, and his son Atreus is so touching. It transforms the game into a narrative about a father and son. It has a stunning ending, and the Santa Monica gang wove a tight story over 25 or so hours, or about half the length of Red Dead Redemption 2’s tale. God of War is brilliant. I played it all the way through, and so I wasn’t unhappy that it delivered an upset blow to Red Dead Redemption 2.
I shook the hand of Cory Barlog, God of War’s game director, and he was equally surprised that he won. He called everybody a winner. It was heartwarming to see the team gather outside the Microsoft Theater for a group picture.
And I would not feel sorry for Rockstar Games and Red Dead Redemption 2, as that game could very well sell 
 by the end of December. With Red Dead Online launching, Rockstar doesn’t have to worry about anything.
I was pleasantly surprised to see so many big games coming in 2019, like BioWare and Electronic Arts’ Anthem, Ubisoft’s next Far Cry: New Dawn game, id’s Rage 2, 
, and many others. It also made me feel good to see the 
 go live, bringing competition to the Steam, Mac, and Windows stores on the PC. We don’t have to worry that games aren’t a healthy business.
And perhaps most of all, it made me feel good to see the Three Amigos — Phil Spencer of Microsoft, Reggie Fils-Aime of Nintendo, and Shawn Layden of Sony — go up onstage at the same time to celebrate the coming together of the games industry. It’s like things are very good for everybody, there’s plenty of birthday cake to go around for everybody, and nobody has to fret that the cake is a lie.
Facebook AI researchers have developed a method to analyze satellite imagery and determine the level of damages an area has suffered following natural disasters like fires and floods.
In the wake of a natural disaster, the approach could help emergency personnel identify the worst-affected areas.
The team of researchers also created a metric to measure the extent of damage caused by a natural disaster called the Disaster Impact Index (DII), which can be used to infer severe flooding or fire damage.
The convolutional neural network achieved precision rates of 88.8 percent when identifying damaged roads during 2017’s Hurricane Harvey near Sugar Land, Texas and 81.1 percent when identifying damaged buildings in the Santa Rosa fire.
Rather than relying on a static image of an area after a disaster for analysis, as some AI-based analysis has focused on in the past, the approach relies on photos taken before and after a natural disaster and breaking down each photo into smaller, more easily digestible grid of photos.
“As part of this work, we focus only on roads and buildings, however this can be extended to quantify disaster impact on other general natural and man-made features,” said the paper.
Titled “From Satellite Imagery to Disaster Insights,” the work was assembled by Facebook AI Research’s Saikat Basu and Guan Pang, as well as Jigar Doshi, machine learning lead at 
.
The paper was shared this week at Neural Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS) conference in Montreal.
To identify roads and buildings, the convolutional neural network was trained using 
 and Deepglobe satellite imagery as well as images from DigitalGlobe and Planet Labs. The AI system examined a roughly 55-square-mile area near Sugar Land, Texas and 46-square-mile area near Santa Rosa, California.
In the case of the Santa Rosa fire, ground truth data was obtained from the 
 of the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection.
Alongside companies like Uber, both CrowdAI and Facebook participated in the 
 to analyze the world through satellite imagery that took place this summer at the 2018 Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition held in July in Salt Lake City.
Artificial intelligence is increasingly playing a role in responses to natural disasters.
Working with former FEMA administrator Craig Fugate, startups like 
 and help emergency response personnel prioritize their response resources to reach those most in need.
Earlier this year, researchers from Google AI and Harvard followed nearly 200 major earthquakes and 200,000 aftershocks to create an AI system that predicts earthquake aftershocks.
AI is also being 
 and send SOS Alerts to smartphone users nearby.
      
    
  
BOSTON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 7, 2018–
      
,       a life science company whose mission is to solve the global shortage of       organs and tissues for transplants, announced today that the U.S. Food       and Drug Administration has cleared the company’s Investigational New       Drug application (IND #18914) allowing clinical studies of Xeno-Skin™ to       be initiated. Xeno-Skin is a first-of-its-kind xenotransplantation       product, designed to provide a safe temporary coverage mechanism for       patients with severe burn wounds. The company is in active preparations       to enroll patients for a first-in-human clinical 
       of Xeno-Skin at 
 (MGH) by the end of 2018.    
      “Xeno-Skin is the first non-human organ transplant cleared by the FDA       for investigational use,” said 
, CEO and Co-founder of XenoTherapeutics. “Our goal with this       initial product is to advance the science of xenotransplantation for       practical therapies that can benefit patients around the globe while       addressing a critically unmet need for burns; but equally as important,       paving the way for future organ transplant solutions.”    
      Burn patients need an immediate treatment option to support them through       the acute phase of their injuries. During this critical period, patients       with severe burns are at risk due to the disrupted skin barrier, which       leads to infection from opportunistic pathogens, impairment of immune       response, as well as fluid loss from the burn site. These factors       contribute to electrolyte, temperature and pH imbalances that if not       addressed, ultimately contribute to organ failure, and unfortunately       death.    
      Xeno-Skin is a live cell xenotransplantation product containing       epidermal and dermal cell layers, providing temporary wound coverage       during this critical period, immediately post-burn. It is intended to       serve as a replacement or a complement to deceased donor allograft, the       current standard of care for burn treatment. However, unlike the limited       quantity of lifesaving human graft material available, Xeno-Skin is       intended to be mass-produced, stored, and rapidly shipped when needed.       XenoTherapeutics is being assisted in its efforts by 
 at Tufts University.    
      “Demonstrating the safety and efficacy of this novel solution has the       potential to address an acute gap in emergency burn treatment options,”       said 
, MD, FACS of Massachusetts General Hospital and Principal       Investigator of the Xeno-Skin clinical trial. “Xeno-Skin could provide       an early first-line treatment in managing severe burns that could       potentially be used to provide an extended period of temporary burn       wound coverage.”    
      “Ultimately, having a temporary skin barrier solution that can be       cryopreserved and shipped globally for immediate use or storage will       help increase emergency preparedness for unexpected catastrophic events       and fill current shortages experienced far too frequently around the       world today,” said 
, M.D., FACS, FAAP and Chief Medical Officer of       XenoTherapeutics, who is also an MGH transplant surgeon.    
      “Xenotransplantation of living, porcine skin grafts could be a promising       alternative for the treatment of burns,” said 
, MD, Professor of Surgery at 
, Professor of Surgery Emeritus,       Harvard Medical School, and founder of the MGH Transplantation Biology       Research Center Laboratories. “This alternative source could avoid some       of the disadvantages associated with the use of deceased-donor       allogeneic skin, including high cost, limited of availability and the       risk of human pathogen transmission.”    
      “We’re excited to see the potential global impact that Xeno-Skin may       have on patients impacted by severe burns,” said Laurie Halloran,       President and CEO at 
, a life science consulting firm and partner to       XenoTherapeutics on their strategic development plan and IND application       submission for Xeno-Skin. “We work with scientists and business founders       to take their ideas and research to the forefront of medical innovation       and we’re thrilled to have played a role in helping Xeno-Skin advance       into clinical trials.”    
      “The odds are in life that you may never be burned,” said 
, General Secretary and Treasurer of the 
. “But if you or a loved one were, you’d       want to have the best science and technology that could help treat burn       victims effectively and have that technology broadly available.”    
      “This science has the potential to save a child, a sibling, a parent, or       a loved one,” said Joy Greene, burn survivor and burn patient advocate.       “People like me, who had lost all hope – full of fear and full of pain.       And who never thought they’d see the life they had again. Try to       understand the long-term good of this science.”    
      
    
      The World Health Organization (WHO) reports that globally, burns are       responsible for approximately 180,000 deaths annually, while the average       incidence in the United States is nearly 18,000 partial- and       full-thickness burns each year (
). The current clinical standard of       obtaining a temporary coverage is human cadaver allograft (HCA).       Unfortunately, given the inherent logistical and supply constraints, as       well as infections agent concerns, the availability of HCA is severely       limited. Thus, there remains a need for a high quality, temporary method       of coverage for burns that would heal most effectively if treated with a       live-cell product that can complete the critical vascularization process.    
      
    
      Xeno-Skin is a biologically active, split-thickness, xenotransplantation       skin product consisting of dermal and epidermal tissue layers containing       vital, non-terminally sterilized porcine cells derived from specialized,       genetically engineered, Designated Pathogen Free (DPF), source animals       (alpha 1,3 galactosyltransferase knockout [GalT-KO]). Xeno-Skin is a       topically applied, xenotransplantation product with the potential to       provide a safe temporary coverage mechanism for patients with severe and       extensive, deep partial and full thickness burn wounds.    
      
    
      XenoTherapeutics is dedicated to advancing the science and clinical use       of xenotransplantation. The company has developed the first non-human       organ transplant solution that has the potential to advance the science       of xenotransplantation and help address the critically unmet need for       organs and tissues for patients around the globe. XenoTherapeutics       supports and adheres to the provisions of all applicable laws,       regulations, and policies governing the ethical treatment of animals,       including the Animal Welfare Act and Public Health Service Policy of       Humane Care and Use of Laboratory Animals.    
      For more information, please visit: 
    
      Paul Sagan
LaVoieHealthScience
617-953-4779    
I’ve been thinking a lot about 
. There’s the joke “why do we need a Chromium-powered Edge? To better download Chrome?” but there’s also the reverse point “why even download Chrome if Edge is powered by Chromium?”
Yesterday’s news made me think again why I don’t spend more time using Edge, especially given that Microsoft really has done a decent job with it. And the reality is that first and foremost, I’m not able to give up my Chrome extensions.
Just like when Firefox was making headway against Internet Explorer, and users were falling in love with all its third-party add-ons, I think that for many people, their browser choice today really boils down to extension support. Almost all websites nowadays work fine in Edge, but if you rely on certain extensions, 
.
(I’m not talking about users who don’t really know what a browser is, and that will keep clicking on the “blue e” that gets them to “the google.” That’s likely the primary reason Microsoft made sure Edge’s logo was similar to Internet Explorer’s, and also likely why this new Chromium-powered Edge is not getting a rebranding.)
Microsoft expects that it will be very easy for developers to bring their Chrome extensions to Edge. The details are still scarce, but most Chrome extensions should work. If the handful of Chrome extensions that I use are available on Edge, then certainly I will give Microsoft’s browser a proper try.
Extension support is also the main reason why, although I have Firefox installed, it’s not my main browser. This kills me given 
.
Every so often, there is a big backlash against Chrome, largely because it is so dominant, and Google often does whatever the hell it wants (Chrome has 63.60 percent desktop browser market share, according to 
). But the most recent faux pas was a particularly big headache, especially because Google still doesn’t understand the problem it created.
 tried to “simplify” how it handles Google site sign-ins by also signing you into Chrome with the same account. If you sign out, whether from Chrome or from any Google site, you’re signed out of both.
This led to a 
 
 from Chrome users, at least in part because there was concern that the change meant Chrome sync was turned on. While that wasn’t the case (you still had to turn on syncing of data like browsing history, passwords, and bookmarks to make it available on other devices), many still didn’t appreciate Google automatically signing them into Chrome just because they were signed into a Google site.
 added an option to turn off linking web-based sign-in with browser-based sign-in, tweaked the user interface a bit, and reverted to again deleting auth cookies that allow you to stay signed in after cookies are cleared. But Google didn’t fix the main issue: Chrome users should not have to 
 of automatic sign-in if they use Google sites, but instead 
 if they want the functionality.
Episodes like this, plus all the other things that Google does as a company whose 
, give plenty of reason to use other browsers. If Chrome extension support works out, the next thing on my list is frequent updates.
In its 
, Microsoft promised to decouple Edge updates from Windows 10 updates, which arrive every six months. As I noted yesterday, that has always been a huge criticism of Edge: Six months is way too long for a browser to receive compatibility fixes, performance improvements, and new features. (Chrome and Firefox get updates every six weeks.)
So both of those things have to come true for me to give Edge a shot: Chrome extensions and frequent updates. Once I do, however, Microsoft will need a reason to get me to stay. Edge will have to offer interesting features, including 
, 
 with 
, and of course 
.
Google is working on all those areas for Chrome, to varying extents. It’s not going to be easy for Edge to break out.
But with 4 percent market share, what does Microsoft have to lose?
After a weeklong whirlwind of talks, demonstrations, spotlight sessions, and posters, the 
 — one of the largest artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning conferences of the year — is coming to a close, and it was a smashing success by any measure.
There were an estimated 8,300 registered attendees at the Palais des Congres de Montréal, where much of this week’s action took place. This year’s program featured 42 workshops and nine tutorials, and approximately 4,854 papers were submitted for consideration, 1,010 of which were accepted.
That’s all despite a bit of a preconference kerfuffle that led to the NeurIPS board changing the conference’s acronym from “NIPS,” which some attendees and sponsors had protested for its potentially offensive connotations.
So what were this year’s highlights? Well, Intel open-sourced a useful tool — 
 — that allows AI systems to operate on encrypted data. 
 detailed two breakthrough AI training techniques — a digital method that’s up to 4 times faster than the previous state of the art and an analog chip with phase-change memory — that both retain 8-bit precision. And 
 described a generative model that can create three-dimensional environments using real-world videos from sources like YouTube.
Those only scratched the surface. 
, a nonprofit organization aiming to spark projects that “solve societal grand challenges,” this week revealed health care startup Aifred Health, automated search engine developers Choosit, and internet of things for beekeeping startup Nectar Technologies as the winners of three IBM Watson AI Xprize bonus milestone awards. And 
, the British AI division owned by Google parent company Alphabet, announced that its work on AlphaZero — a system capable of defeating human world champion chess, shogi, and Go players — has been accepted in the journal 
, where it made the front page.
On the exposition front, Google Brain researcher Pallavi Baljekar gave an update on the Mountain View company’s 
, a crowdsourced effort to combat the problem of bias in image classification systems. And Alibaba revealed that its 
 can achieve accuracy of between 94 and 95 percent in noisy environments like subway tunnels (even with heavily accented speakers) and that its AI-driven customer service chatbot currently serves almost 3.5 million users a day.
NeurIPS 2018’s invited presenters, meanwhile, touched on hot topics in the AI community and broader tech industry.
David Spiegelhalter, a statistician at Cambridge University, said that AI systems should make “trustworthy claims” and users should expect explanations of those systems from developers, along with forecasts about what their impacts might be. And Edward W. Felten, former chief technologist at the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, underlined the importance of engaging with policymakers on the most pertinent AI concerns.
“Everything we’re striving for in changing the world [with AI] could be at risk,” Felten said, speaking to conference attendees this week. “We need to be in the room when decisions are made.”
This year’s conference was jam-packed, needless to say. For the rest of our coverage, check out stories tagged “
” in VentureBeat’s AI Channel, and stay tuned for more to come.
For AI coverage, send news tips to 
 and 
 — and be sure to bookmark our 
.
Kyle Wiggers

AI Staff Writer
P.S. Please enjoy this video of Nvidia AI that can generate virtual worlds from videos.
Amazon.com is looking at bringing its futuristic checkout-free store format to airports in an effort to win business from hungry, time-pressed travelers.
Google Assistant is learning ways to share news stories in a format that plays short stories first, followed by more in-depth stories.
DeepMind’s AlphaZero, a game-playing AI that can best human world champions and state-of-the-art engines at chess, shogi, and Go, has completed peer review.
Google is taking steps to eliminate perceived gender bias in Google Translate and other predictive products, the company announced.
Amazon today launched Alexa Answers so selected users can help the intelligent assistant answer tough or nuanced questions.
Waymo has officially lifted the lid on its first self-driving service that riders can actually pay for. Waymo One is now open for business in Phoenix.
CIMON appears to have decided he doesn’t like the whole personal assistant thing
Five years ago, we created the Facebook AI Research (FAIR) group to advance the state of the art of AI through open research for the benefit of all — it’s an effort to understand the nature of intelligence so that we might create intelligent machines
Smartphones that are used to track our faces and voices could also help lower the barrier to mental-health diagnosis and treatment. 
It’s crunch time for college applications, and hopeful high school seniors are working hard to impress admissions committees to land a spot at the school of their choice. But what if that committee wasn’t actually a committee of people. What if, instead, you had to impress a robot – or win over an artificial intelligence-driven algorithm? 
China is one step closer to approving commercial licenses for new games. The country’s state media revealed the formation of the Online Games Ethics Committee (OGEC) on Friday. This new oversight group has begun evaluating the appropriateness of game content looking to enter the market. The OGEC started with a group of 20 unreleased products. China 
.
But while this is a move in the direction of permitting new games to make money in China, the committee has not opened the floodgates. It did not approve a single one of the 20 games it looked at for sale. Instead, the OGEC rejected nine games, according to China Central Television (
). The group is asking the developers of the remaining 11 games to make content changes to their products.
The CCTV news story is the first time China has revealed the existence of the OGEC. And that report did not go into to many details about how the organization works or why some games were denied.
The 
. It has moved, dissolved, or given new leadership to the committees that previously oversaw the approval process.
But at the same time, the country’s government obviously has taken issue with the popularity of video games. It previously cited concerns about addiction and inappropriate content. And while the country is revealing little about the OGEC, the regulator seems serious about enforcing the government’s control.
The regulatory impasse is dampening the country’s enormous $38 billion video game business. Tencent, China’s biggest gaming publisher, has watched as its stock value has eroded over. The 
. Since the licensing freeze, however, it has dropped as low as $31.54. It has bounced back since that low in October, but it has still lost a third of its value throughout 2018.
But if China begins approving games once again — even through a strict regulation process — Tencent should have an advantage. It is close with the government. T
, which tracks and quantifies the behavior of people on an individual level. When it comes time to get its games approved, Tencent could use that relationship to ensure it knows exactly what the OGEC is looking for. These difficult business conditions should push even more foreign developers into the arms of Tencent for partnership deals.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 7, 2018–
      Meridian Waste, an integrated, non-hazardous solid waste services       company, announced its acquisition of two landfills located in       Knoxville, TN today. Meridian Waste enters Knoxville, one of the fastest       developing mid-tiered cities in the US, with the acquisition of two of       only three operational construction and demolition (“C&D”) landfills in       Knox County, TN. Poplar View Landfill and Riverside Landfill are both       long-life landfills in close proximity to downtown Knoxville, major       highways and the University of Tennessee.    
      “The Knoxville market presents an attractive expansion opportunity due       to its strong economic outlook, record levels of commercial and business       development, and steady population growth,” said Wally Hall, CEO of       Meridian Waste. “With our purchase of the only high capacity landfills       in the Knox County region, we are well positioned to grow our market       share and become a vital community partner.”    
      “We have a long-term vision of building a vertically-integrated presence       within the area, similar to our strategy in other markets,” said Steven       Wacaster, Managing Partner at Warren Equity Partners. “It’s historically       been a winning formula that we’re bringing to Knoxville and plan to       replicate as we enter into new markets.”    
      Since being acquired by Warren Equity Partners in April 2018, Meridian       Waste has completed six add-on acquisitions and expanded into five new       markets, including Christiansburg/Blacksburg, VA; Knoxville, TN;       Augusta, GA; Macon, GA; and Jacksonville, FL.    
      
    
      Headquartered in Greensboro, Ga., Meridian Waste is a company defined by       its commitment to servicing its customers, caring for and engaging its       employees, and generating financial value for its shareholders while       delivering a clean and healthy community. The company’s core waste       business is centered on residential, commercial and industrial       non-hazardous waste collection and disposal. Currently, the company       operates in St. Louis, Mo., Richmond, Va., Blacksburg, Va., Augusta,       Ga., Macon, Ga., Northeast Florida and Knoxville, Tenn., servicing over       143,000 residential, commercial, industrial and governmental customers.       In addition to a fleet of commercial, residential and roll-off trucks,       the company operates one transfer       station, three recycling facilities, three municipal solid waste       landfills and two C&D landfills in which 955,800 tons of waste are       safely disposed of annually. For more information, visit 
.    
      
    
      Warren Equity Partners is a private equity firm that invests in small       and middle market operating companies primarily in North America. The       firm invests in established companies where additional capital and       operating resources can accelerate growth, targeting companies in the       industrial, infrastructure, and business services sectors. Warren Equity       invests in the form of buyouts, growth equity, and recapitalizations.       For more information, please visit 
.    
      Media Contact:
Mary O’Brien
(904) 616-5322
    
For 
, an enterprise software and SaaS company based in California, good old-fashioned events have become a central, and very integral part of their marketing strategy.
Their C3 Conference draws over 1,500 customers, prospects, and partners every year, says Wendi Wang, vice-president of marketing events at CallidusCloud. And live events like these present an unparalleled opportunity to learn more about prospects than any other channel. The average event attendee is hugely qualified already: they travel on average 500 miles, spend more than $1,000, and they’re investing two to three days of their time.
At every point in the event pipeline, your prospects are voting with their time and attention, from the messages they respond to, to the sessions they choose to attend, to the vendors they interact with — and it all can be tracked digitally.
Since integrating the technology that allows the company to track the digital footprints of their attendees, CallidusCloud has seen a 40 percent increase in registration, a 35 percent increase in registrant show rate, and most importantly, a 30 percent increase in their cross-sell pipeline.
Early in their events program, the CallidusCloud team used a mix of homegrown systems and manual processes to manage registration, speakers, check-in, badges, and attendee engagement. But as their events program grew, the team noticed limitations to their in-house registration system, which consisted of piles of pre-printed name badges, directing attendees throughout the events space and keeping them informed of last-minute changes to the agenda.
“It was not very intuitive,” says Wang, “[and] we couldn’t get the data out to show ROI from the event.” During the event, the team was manually gathering data about who arrived, using clickers at doorways to count how many attendees found their way to the breakout sessions, and were manually adding business card information to spreadsheets in order to track leads. The data they were able to gather was sparse, and follow-up speed was dismal.
Martech, traditionally used to track digital leads, has now become a resource for marketers to capture both digital and real-world event attendee data, all in real time. That means essential customer signals from the registration website to the mobile event app, check-in kiosks, attendance scans at every exhibitor booth, breakout sessions, and more.
Before the event even begins, the CallidusCloud team can see who’s registered, who hasn’t, discover what products they use, and what products they’re interested in learning about, helping them gauge how to personalize  messages, and point them to the right sessions, to the right places, and to meet the right people.
On-site, attendees can check in and print their own badges at digital kiosks. During the event, lead retrieval technology allows the team to track who enters each session, and follow their engagement throughout the course of the entire event. Partners can track the attendees that they meet with, which also lets them track the ROI of every engagement once they get home.
The attendee experience is also improved by eliminating a paper agendas, replacing them with a mobile app that guides attendees through the agenda, as well as offers maps to make guests aren’t wandering into the pool or someone else’s event.
Ultimately, harnessing the power of live events drives revenue. Event technology turns events into data pools, and lets you track ROI on a granular level, letting you see how much pipeline your event has influenced, and allowing you close those deals swiftly. “Ever since we integrated our Cvent to our Salesforce instance,” says Wang, “we can very easily pull reports to see how much pipeline our C3 Conference has influenced and, ultimately, close on those deals.”
To learn more about turning events into rich sources of data, how to combine your online efforts with your offline marketing to create multi-channel success, and more, don’t miss this VB Live event!
Don’t miss out!
 
Google’s march toward more realistic augmented reality (AR) worlds continues. The Mountain View company today debuted 
 1.6, the latest version of its software development kit for AR app development on Android and ChromeOS. In tow are better plane boundary tracking and improvements to Sceneform — a Java-based mobile-optimized 3D framework with a physically based renderer — as well as expanded device support.
Realistic lighting is one of the spotlight features. As Ashish Shah, product manager at Google’s AR and VR division, explained in a 
, previous versions of Sceneform defaulted to optimizing ambient light as yellow. Version 1.6 swaps that color for a neutral and white palette and updates Sceneform’s built-in environmental image to provide a more neutral scene.
“This aligns more closely to the way light appears in the real world, making digital objects look more natural,” Shah wrote. “This change will also make objects rendered with Sceneform look as if they’re affected more naturally by color and lighting in the surrounding environment. For example, if you’re viewing an AR object at sunset, it would appear to be illuminated by the red and orange hues, just like real objects in the scene.”
Additionally, Sceneform now has a native screen capture and recording feature. It’s optionally user-facing — developers can allow users to share screenshots and videos more easily, through the surface mirroring API for the ScreenView class.
“The API allows you to display the Sceneform view on a device’s screen at the same time it’s being rendered to another surface,” Shah said. “This is something a number of developers have requested to help with demo recording and prototyping.”
The new enhancements to Sceneform and ARCore are available today, both of which now work with the Samsung Galaxy A3 and the Huawei P20 Lite.
ARCore comes about two months after ARCore 1.5, launched in September, which introduced support for the LG Q6 and LG Q8 and open-sourced Sceneform. According to Google, more than 250 million devices are now compatible with the framework.
You’ve just emerged 
, bloody and laden with loot. You’re ready to sell the treasures from your latest delve, and you get ready to use a scroll to teleport you to a nearby town … ignorant that betrayal is waiting around the corner.
Welcome to Path of Exile: Betrayal, the next expansion for Grinding Gear Games’ online action-role-playing game. The update is live now on PC, and it’ll hit Xbox One on Monday. Look for it in the future when the New Zealand studio launches Path of Exile on PlayStation 4 (it’s been delayed).
Path of Exile has been a success for Grinding Gear Games. The online take on Diablo’s loot-based action-RPG subgenre continues to grow since its 2013 debut on PC. And it’s preparing for a new audience on PlayStation 4. This is part of why 
 in Grinding Gear in May.
Betrayal centers on your investigation of the Immortal Syndicate, a mysterious group. You’re working with Jun Ortoi, who’s a member of the Order of the Djinn. They’re concerned that the Immortal Syndicate has figured out a way to bring back the dead … without them being undead. As you investigate their 18 members, you assemble a police-like board of suspects (you may even interrogate them if you capture them). It brings a new element to Path of Exile that goes beyond killing foes, finding loot, and modding your equipment.
“She helps you infiltrate the Immortal Syndicate, a mysterious criminal faction. You help her to manipulate their ranks, reveal the identities of their members, uncover their safehouses, and take down their mastermind,” a Grinding Gears rep said.
Betrayal has some other features as well:
When someone needs to find an app, how do they look for it? The most likely answer is that they will search for it. 
, 56 percent of game app install are driven by search. And when it comes to non-game apps, that figure rises by a further 13 percent to 69 percent of installs.
This has helped turn App Store Search advertising into big businesses for both advertisers and platform holders. 
 that Apple’s search advertising business could generate $2 billion in revenue in 2020, following the news that it had already generated $500 million this year alone.
But what has driven this growth in App Store advertising? And what does its growing popularity the future hold for App Store Search advertising?
For the most part, we believe that the immediate short term will see real growth in the space driven by gentle — but required — iterations to the current service. This will help marketers drive value through search, decreasing their reliance on other platforms and costs too. But as the nature of search itself changes, we believe that the way individuals search for apps on the store could be set to shift, rewarding App Store search marketers who think one move ahead of their counterparts.
To be able to understand the future of Paid Search, it’s important to know why (and how) it evolved. The introduction of mobile search advertising to the App Store ecosystem in 2016 took place for a number of reasons.
As a result, Apple launched its first App Store Search product in October 2016, which offers advertisers the chance to land their app at the top of an App Store search page pending a bidding process. It had a few issues for advertisers to negotiate.
It launched in a single region alone, only operating in the U.S. App Store advertising creative options were also limited as media was drawn from metadata alone. There was also criticism from some of the company’s fondness for “conquesting,” as 
 reported, which enabled advertisers with low budgets to use major brand names as keywords to jump them in the search list.
However, the benefits outweighed these limitations. A blog post from
 on the launch’s aftermath raved about the Apple’s product, both for how easy it was to set up a campaign through to its low CPI cost which, at the time, was hitting as low as 88 cents while still delivering a strong
.
This success helped Apple to advance and extend the rollout of its ads products further.  In late 2017, it rebranded its main Search Ad product as “Search Ads Advanced” and introduced an easy to set up low-cost alternative called “Search Ads Basic” to help smaller businesses. It also added functionality, such as campaign duplication and campaign management options, to remove as much friction as from the advertising process on the store.
In addition, the company began to roll out in more territories by expanding at first to English-speaking nations (Canada, the U.K., New Zealand and Australia) before expanding into further key markets such as France, Japan, Italy, Mexico, Germany and South Korea.
This gentle evolution has helped drive remarkable growth in Apple’s App Store Search advertising business.
For example, expanding the number of territories that App Store Search advertising is available in can lead to significant wins. Redbox Mobile has seen extraordinary growth in its paid search advertising business in Germany. In just six weeks, our German business hit similar volumes to our comparatively long-established U.S. business.
As a result of this, our first prediction for the future of search advertising has to be that Apple will score decent growth in its service from as many quick wins as possible.
We expect that geographic expansion and minor product refinements will drive the format forward initially, with the comparatively low cost of App Store Search advertising attracting advertisers seeking to buck the trend
 identified of increased install prices and spend.
However, we also predict that Apple could drive the growth of its units further by evolving both the mechanics of its search and the quality of its campaign reporting to bolster its offering.
In the case of the former, we expect Apple to move beyond a keyword approach to deepen its attempts to deliver relevant adverts to the right users. 
 could both extend the reach of App Store Search campaigns and improve Apple’s internal search mechanics by improving its approach with the help of third-party data.
And in the case of the latter, evolving campaign reporting, we’d expect Apple to continue to make steps in the right direction on this. Although it is possible to assess the quality of App Store Search campaigns through some third party attribution providers, we would expect Apple to improve its first-party reporting processes to help smaller businesses using its basic product to understand how they affect in-app metrics such as registrations or purchases.
But while we believe that Apple will broadly take a “steady as it goes” approach with paid search advertising, one potential area in which we could see a serious change in approach: voice search.
, there has been much deeper integration between Siri — Apple’s AI voice-activated assistant — and App Store Search. Furthermore, the explosion in sales of voice-activated speakers for both Amazon and Google has conditioned consumers to accept voice search as part of the mixture.
As a result, it is reasonable to predict that Apple could begin to examine the option of creating search advertising driven through voice. A number of things would have to happen first before it could take place. Apple would have to improve its keyword search approach to fit with natural language searches, rather than text inputs.
It would also likely have to create its own intelligent speaker unit after seeing demand for it. Although there is plenty of hype around voice search, Apple’s decision to ignore the hype around VR shows the company will take its time to make a move. But if voice search does indeed become the principle method through which users search for apps and other associated items, it is reasonable to expect that Apple would take notice.
And with Apple making careful moves in that direction by potentially placing
, the company could be well placed to change the search game forever.
Apple’s App Store Search advertising product has proven its value to advertisers in just two short years. By responding to demand from advertisers, creating an advertising service to meet that demand and gently iterating it, Apple has managed to strike a balance between a user-led, respectful advertising approach and the needs of a business.
And it is on these foundations upon which Apple will evolve its paid search advertising offerings. Rather than reinventing the wheel, expect Apple to improve search semantics, campaign analysis tools and expand its geographic reach to drive forward growth.
However, advertisers should also keep an eye on voice search and the role it could play in the app store in the future. If consumer habits change and business demand follows, Apple could evolve its search further — potentially leading to a revolutionary new way to hit consumers.
(
) — Uber Technologies has filed paperwork for an initial public offering, according to three people with knowledge of the matter, taking a step closer to a key milestone for one of the most closely watched and controversial companies in Silicon Valley.
The ride-hailing company filed the confidential paperwork on Thursday, one of the sources said, in lock-step with its smaller U.S. rival, 
.
The simultaneous filings extend the protracted battle between Uber and Lyft, which as fierce rivals have often rolled out identical services and matched each other’s prices. Uber is eager to beat Lyft to Wall Street, according to sources familiar with the matter, a sign of the company’s entrenched competitiveness.
Its filing sets the stage for one of the biggest technology listings ever. Uber’s valuation in its most recent private financing was $76 billion, and it could be worth $120 billion in an IPO. Its listing next year would be the largest in what is expected to be a string of public debuts by highly valued Silicon Valley companies, including apartment-renting company Airbnb and workplace messaging firm Slack. Ongoing market volatility, however, could alter companies’ plans.
The IPO will be a test of public market investor tolerance for Uber’s legal and workplace controversies, which embroiled the company for most of last year, and on 
’s progress in turning around the company.
Khosrowshahi took over just over than a year ago, and has repeatedly stated publicly he would take Uber public in 2019. In August, he hired the company’s first chief financial officer in more than three years.
Together, Uber and Lyft will test public market investor appetite for the ride-hailing business, which emerged less than a decade ago and has proven wildly popular, but also unprofitable.
Uber in the third quarter lost $1.07 billion and is struggling with slowing growth, although its gross bookings, at $12.7 billion, reflect the company’s enormous scale. Its revenue for the quarter was $2.95 billion, a 5 percent boost from the previous quarter. Its bookings grew just six percent for the quarter.
Uber has raised about $18 billion from an array of investors since 2010, and it now faces a deadline to go public.
An investment by SoftBank that closed in January, which gave the Japanese investor a 15 percent stake in Uber, included a provision that requires Uber to file for an IPO by Sept. 30 of next year or the company risks allowing restrictions on shareholder stock transfers to expire.
Uber has not formally chosen underwriting banks, although Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs are likely to get the lead roles, sources told Reuters. Lyft hired JPMorgan Chase & Co, Credit Suisse and Jefferies as underwriters.
The Wall Street Journal reported Uber’s filing earlier on Friday.
Becoming a public company will bring a heightened level of investor scrutiny and exposure to Uber, which suffered a string of scandals when the company was led by co-founder and former CEO Travis Kalanick, who resigned last year.
The controversies included allegations of sexual harassment, obtaining the medical records of a woman raped by an Uber driver in India, a massive data breach, and federal investigations into issues including possibly paying bribes to officials and illicit software to evade regulators.
Khosrowshahi and his leadership team have worked to reset the workplace culture and clean up the messes, including settlements with U.S. states over the data breach and with Alphabet’s self-driving car unit, Waymo, which had sued Uber for trade-secrets theft.
Uber today is a different company than the vision its founders pitched to early investors, which helped it become the most highly valued venture-backed company in the United States.
After concessions in China, Russia and Southeast Asia, where Uber sold its business to a local competitor, and the prospect of another merger in the Middle East, Uber is far from being the dominant global ride-hailing service it set out to be.
Still, Uber operates in more than 70 countries, while Lyft is in the U.S. and Canada, although the smaller company is plotting a global expansion.
Uber has also added a number of other businesses, which are growing but have yet to show sustainable profits, in a bid to become a one-stop mobility app. Those include freight hauling, food delivery and electric bike and scooter rentals. Meanwhile, its self-driving car unit is costing the company about $200 million a quarter, according to investors, but Uber’s program has retrenched since one of its autonomous cars killed a pedestrian in March.
Talking to computers aboard a spaceship has been a sci-fi dream for decades. From Captain’s Logs in Star Trek to Cortana in Halo, as humans we’ve done a remarkable job of personifying the non-human objects that populate popular fiction. But until very recently, that was just a dream in TV shows, movies, and video games.
Now we’ve got smart home assistants that carry entire conversations with us and features that let us do things like cast spells in Skyrim and speak to our crew members aboard the Starship Enterprise. In the case of Starship Commander though, is an entire game based around that single novel concept.
 from Human Interact appears to be the new name for what was originally just Starship Commander, which was 
 That appeared to be a larger, more full-fledged VR game, but instead what we’ve got is a trimmed-down experience designed specifically for VR arcades powered by Springboard VR and Private Label VR arcades. It releases at multiple locations in less than two weeks on December 10th, 2018. I played it on an Oculus Rift at home through Steam though, so maybe it will get released widely for consumers as well, 
. It’s unclear whether or not a longer, more feature-rich VR game is still in the works.
Above: This reminds me of flying into the Death Star II.
Since this is an arcade experience and is just about 10-minutes in length, I didn’t come in with high expectations in terms of world building or depth. This is designed to be easy to sit down and play without any prior knowledge or VR experience and for that purpose it excels wonderfully.
You don’t need Touch controllers, a keyboard, a gamepad, or anything at all. Just a headset, chair, and microphone. There is no main menu and there are no options to fiddle with. As soon as I boot it up, I’m presented with a prompt to say aloud, “Open the hatch,” and then it begins.
Visually it looks really nice in the headset. Textures are sharp and the effects are good with solid sound design. On-screen at this point is Sgt. Pearson, who is there to walk me through procedures and tag along for my mission to blow up some bad guys in space. She attempts to make some jokes every now and then, but most of them suffer from poor timing or awkward pauses due to what I can only assume is the voice recognition loading in the background. Her delivery feels a little flat as well.
Honestly, despite the minor clunkiness, these interactions with her before you actually leave on your mission are probably the best parts of the game. She does a good job of responding to commands promptly and gives off a decent illusion of carrying a conversation as long as you stick to responding accurately and not drifting off-topic. Apparently the game uses Microsoft’s “Cognitive Services” and tests your microphone levels before launching. The developers tell me the word error rate is less than 5.9%, which is 
However, even though it understood what I was saying every time without issue, the depth of interaction was the main problem. Other than asking basic questions from a list of options, repeating phrases I’m told, or responding to simple statements, you don’t have any freedom. I can’t decide to branch off on my own to go explore, ask her about other topics, or actually command the ship as the game’s title implies. In reality, this is just an on-rails experience that plays itself and asks you for permission to continue at a handful of junctures. The developers describe it as a “cinematic virtual reality experience” in their latest trailer’s description and 
 and other adventure games.
Above: “The computer is listening”: Feels ominous to me.
Space combat is relegated to simply looking around with your face and staring at enemies until they explode (you don’t even press a button to shoot, it does that on its own) or leaning side-to-side to dodge laser blasts. These exchanges are mostly boring and just as things start to get more exciting, it’s all over. There are a handful of branching moments and some dialogue bits you can skip or dig into more if you want, but other than that there isn’t a ton of replayability. It actually reminded me a bit of the 
If Starship Commander had released back in early 2017 when it was first announced, within a year of VR headsets hitting the mass market, it’d likely have been more impressive. Despite that though, honestly, it will probably do well in an arcade setup for people that are new to VR. But as a product in late 2018 the content itself isn’t that impressive on its own. You’d likely be better off playing 
 in VR with a 
 and 
There is a patch due out before release that will address some audio mix issues, but what I saw is described as 99 percent complete. We will update this story with a final verdict when we’re able.
Starship Commander: Arcade launches at Springboard VR locations and Private Label VR arcades on December 10, 2018.
.
Techno thriller 
 is a video game movie — but you won’t find 
 (or 
) or 
. Instead, writer and producer Sev Ohanian, along with writer and director Aneesh Chaganty have cleverly incorporated game mechanics into their film. For inspiration, they’ve looked to a wide variety of titles like Fulbright’s Gone Home, Quantic Dream’s Heavy Rain, and Valve’s classic puzzler Portal. In the process, they’ve learned how to do the thing that games do best: interactivity.
At its heart, 
 is a mystery film. Widower David Kim (John Cho) must find his missing daughter, Margot Kim (Michelle La). But in this scenario, he isn’t an action hero. He’s a concerned dad who can’t do anything besides scour the Internet for traces of his daughter’s existence. The entire movie takes place on screens, inhabiting digital spaces like Facebook and Twitter and relying on FaceTime and faux YouTube videos to give its stars a chance to shine. David never meets Detective Rosemary Vick (Debra Messing) in person, even though she’s helping him track down Margot. Instead, they call each other and swap emails and Google Sheets filled with bewildering reams of information.
“I find that storytelling in gaming is so fascinating because they are not limited by the same constraints that we are in filmmaking,” said Ohanian in a phone call with GamesBeat. “And I think there’s a beautiful synergy that can happen if we can pull from them because they have been pulling from films. Obviously, in the last couple of years, games have become even more and more cinematic, and I believe that should be a two-way street because we have a lot we can learn from our brothers and sisters who are making these masterpieces that just happen to be played at home with controllers — not seen on big screens.”
Producer Natalie Qasabian as well as editors Will Merrick and Rick Dobson round out Chaganty and Ohanian’s team of five. They shot the film in 13 days, and they spent a year and a half in post-production, where Merrick and Dobson painstakingly created and animated the pixel-perfect cyber landscape. 
 debuted at the Sundance Film Festival in January, where it snagged a $5 million distribution deal from Sony Pictures Worldwide Acquisitions. It started with a successful run in a limited number of theaters before a wider release on August 31, generating around 
 worldwide.
Above: Sev Ohanian and Aneesh Chaganty on the set of cyber thriller Searching.
 isn’t the first movie to take place entirely on computer screens. The 2014 
and its recent sequel 
 have similar conceits. But while those other films only used a single camera angle, keeping a static shot of the protagonist’s computer screen, Ohanian and Chaganty took more of a dynamic approach, sometimes jumping forward through time or shifting to different perspectives. And to keep the viewers focused on the main storyline, Ohanian cites learnings from games like Portal.
Ohanian recounts how he found Portal’s developer commentary mode “fascinating and educational.” After the player has finished the game, they can explore the Aperture Science Enrichment Center and click on bubbles to learn more about what the Valve team was thinking when they designed certain aspects of the game.
“Oftentimes, they were talking about how they were trying to guide the viewer of their own accord to see things that were in the environment,” said Ohanian. “They could have always easily plopped it in front of their faces, but they spent so much time and care to use like lighting or shadows or sound or whatever it may be, even the shape of the wall, because they would see most viewers would tend to then move their mouse and look at what they were trying to show them.”
This was a crucial lesson for a film like 
, where viewers could easily become lost among the digital detritus. Ohanian said that they had to develop a lot of techniques to guide viewers’ eyes to points of interest.
“Because 
 is set on devices and screens, we don’t have the luxury of being able to just literally move the camera more often than not, and we found ways to really use the mouse to guide viewers’ eyes, and we found ways to kind of mimic real cinematography, handheld shakes, camera zooms and pans,” said Ohanian.
Above: Actress Debra Messing stars as a tech-savvy detective.
Though films have a long history of subtly cueing viewers through objects in the environment — think the carefully curated baubles in a Wes Anderson film or the rich fantasy world of Guillermo del Toro’s 
— Ohanian says that games like Gone Home showed him how environmental storytelling could be used in a whole different way.
Like Gone Home, 
 gradually peels back the layers to Margot’s character as David draws closer to the truth. And he can only do this by studying the artifacts of her secret digital life.
“I thought [Gone Home] was such an incredible experience learning about your loved ones by what they left behind, and in a lot of ways, that’s what 
 is,” said Ohanian. “The truth is, David realizes he didn’t lose his daughter just days ago, he learns he lost her years ago. And only in the process of trying to figure out who she was is how he can find out where she is.”
But that isn’t the only inspiration he drew from the game world. Ohanian’s a big fan of games like Rocksteady Studios’ Batman Arkham series, where items strewn throughout the map are ready for fans to dissect and investigate. He’s excited by Easter eggs like LucasArts’ 
.
So when he and Chaganty crafted 
, they made sure to do plenty of world-building of their own, adding in secrets and allusions to future projects for viewers to find.
“Every frame of this movie, if you ever hit pause, every text, every word, every photo, every emoji, everything is handmade by us to enrich the world of David Kim,” said Ohanian. “So, all the text conversations on the side, they represent multiple subplots that are happening all throughout the film. There’s all sorts of Easter eggs that we’ve hidden in every corner. There’s a lot of foreshadowing that we planted and a lot of other fun little secrets. And that entirely comes from video games.”
He refers to this as making the movie “pause-proof” — the audience won’t find any placeholders anywhere. Very quickly after the film’s release, 
 took him up on the challenge, uncovering a continuous alien invasion subplot unfolding on news sites and picking up hints of David’s love life in his inbox.
Above: Actor John Cho scours the Internet for traces of his character’s missing daughter.
“Before we even started writing a single word, what Aneesh and I did was we pulled out our laptops, and we started exploring our computers. And we looked at all of the things everyone does on their computers every day,” said Ohanian. “We tried to challenge ourselves — like if we’re going to tell this story, if we’re going to make this film happen, we’d be doing ourselves a disservice if we didn’t try to elevate as much as possible this crime-thriller mystery along with the story of a family in a world with so many connections, yet they’re so disconnected.”
’s great success is its ability to imbue innocuous everyday actions with sinister undertones. A swirling screensaver isn’t just a sleeping Mac; it’s a father missing calls from a daughter moments before she disappears. In the opening montage of the film, we watch as David’s wife and Margot’s mother gradually succumbs to cancer through a series of gut-wrenching home videos before a dejected mouse cursor drags the calendar event “Mom comes home!” to a trash can. As in text-based games like 
 or the AOL messenger game 
, its chat messages make good use of pauses and backspacing, revealing characters’ hesitancy.
Even though it’s a film and not a game, the audience is invited to join David on his investigation. Like any proper mystery, it’s murky with red herrings, plot twists, and suspicious figures. Thrillers like these are as interactive as a traditional flat-screen movie can get, and 
’s mimetic interfaces make it even more game-like. Most people are familiar with smartphones and computers and to varying degrees sites like Facebook. Watching the movie, you almost want to try your own hand at hunting down Margot’s whereabouts.
Though video games and movies have had a somewhat sordid history, Ohanian says he’s excited to see more cross-pollination between the two mediums. He points to a quote by director Jordan Vogt-Roberts, who’s tasked with the upcoming big-screen adaptation of Metal Gear Solid. In an interview with 
, Vogt-Roberts says that games have already had success in theaters, likening the 2013 sci-fi flick 
 to a 2D side-scroller and the 2014 
 to a first-person shooter where you can repeatedly reload a level.
“[Vogt-Roberts] really spoke to what we were trying to make with 
, which was like creating this puzzle for the main character, for David Kim, that everyone watching in a movie theater can also kind of solve alongside him,” said Ohanian. “I hope when the movie ends, hopefully people realize when they look back if they ever get to rewatch the movie, you can solve the entire film as you watch because every answer for the ending puzzle is provided all throughout the film.”
Cinema continues to inform games in method and presentation — just look at Hazelight Studios’ 
 and Supermassive Games’ 
. But games excel at innovating when it comes to user interfaces and interactivity, inventing new ways for players to explore their surroundings and experience personalized stories. They offer valuable lessons and unique perspectives for any artist who wants to create work for a modern audience, and hopefully, more filmmakers will mine them for inspiration.
 arrives in stores on December 4 for fans of the third-person action shooter series. Rico Rodriguez returns with his weapons, wingsuit, and grappling hook for nonstop over-the-top action.
 and Square Enix have created a new open-world adventure on the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and the Windows PC. Rodriguez takes on the private army of the Black Hand in South America, hunting for the truth about his father.
But the single-player game will feature a brand new Apex game engine that enables extreme weather effects like blizzards, sandstorms, and tornadoes. Rico can use his grappling hook and attach portable rockets to objects. It allows the player to do things like destroy a gas station with a grappled cow, ride a flying bus into a tornado, or attach hapless civilians to a rocket-accelerated merry-go-round.
We talked about the making of Just Cause 4 with Christopher Supino, senior producer at Avalanche. We touched on the extreme weather and just how open an open world should be and whether it should have much of a story or scripted events.
Here’s an edited transcript of our interview.
Above: Christopher Supino is senior producer at Avalanche Studios on Just Cause 4.
 My role on Just Cause 4, I’m a senior producer. We’re closing out the project now. The main thing we’ve focused on was keeping as much variety as possible, hitting that beat of taking what we had in the last game and adding even more.
At a high level, we took the last game and went with that, took all the things people liked and tried to boost that as much as possible. We came to some interesting conclusions. We wanted to add something to the game that changed everything from the player perspective. We’re a physics-based game, and we ended up choosing extreme weather as this thing — at the time a few games were implementing that, but we saw it as an opportunity to really shine. We’d be able to realize that experience in a different way.
We picked out a few things that we thought would be interesting for the player to interact with. The primary one you see is the tornado, just because it’s really cool to see a trellis bridge get ripped up and twisted around the whole thing while a 747 is getting its wings ripped off [
]. As a player, you can grapple on those things. You can get in the vehicles that are sucked into it. You can get into a tank that’s being ripped into that and fire off a shot right before it explodes.
A big tenet was wind being the key factor there. Rico flies around his wingsuit and parachute. Different types of wind — the calm wind carries him across, but how does that manifest when you’re looking at a tornado or a sandstorm or a blizzard or a torrential downpour? You end up with a really cool realized experience. I don’t know if you’ve seen people messing around with the lightning. It strikes the highest objects, so they’re throwing things up in the air and blowing them up.
When we were leaving Just Cause 3 (JC3), we saw how players were messing around there. It was a true sandbox game. They used the tools we gave them, and we wanted to expand those tools as much as possible. We made the grappling hook fully customizable, so the player could say, “I want this thing to happen in exactly this way at this time.” From our perspective, we don’t even know the extent of what players can do with the grappling hook. We’re already seeing things we never expected on YouTube.
They can change it to three different loadouts, three different abilities. There’s the retract feature, which brings things together, and the airlifter feature, which takes things into the air with a balloon, and then, the booster feature, similar to what was in JC3, the propulsion C4 thing. They can attach their tether to any object and have one of these attachments come out of it — or use all three. You end up with things like, I want a flying tank with balloons on the top and boosters on the side that shoot it forward while retracting these cargo containers off the ground into it. It’s a giant wrecking ball in the middle of a firefight.
The other big one to call out is the world. We have a massive landmass, way bigger than anything we’ve done before, with four distinct biomes. We have rainforest, grassland, alpine, and desert. They all have their own distinct qualities and sub-biomes with them — like a mangrove forest within the rainforest or a barren stretch of grassland or a more Argentinian pampas grassland or a mountainous area blending the grassland into the alpine.
There’s a lot of variety there. You’re flying around following the tornado and messing around with it, and then, you end up in a place you don’t recognize. It can happen that quickly. You look around, and it feels like a completely different environment. Second to second, there’s so much changing in the world, so much interaction in the world. It’s nonstop.
 We love to see all the different approaches to open world, but what we want for players — we want them to feel like it’s a world they can interact with on their own schedule. They can mess around with it in the way they want to. They can escalate the environment to be as exciting as they want it to be. They can make it a full-on action sequence if they want. Or, what I like to do a lot is just wingsuit around and look at the beautiful landscape and maybe mess with some extreme weather, something like that.
The way we look at it, you don’t want to force the player to have to do any one thing. You don’t want to force them to do things in any particular order. Our approach is that if we create a good sandbox, create good systems, create enough interaction for the player, and then, hint [at] all those things to do and offer a little guidance — we really just want them to see the variety that’s there, not force them to engage with anything they don’t want to engage with.
 Exactly. A good example: We have these vehicle rings in the game. You can drive a car through them or float a car through them or supply drop a car through them. You can do what you want to do to interact with that. Or, if you get into a mission and you decide, actually, instead of shooting all these people, I want to use my customizable grappling hook to creatively take this thing apart. Or, maybe I want to roll into this level with a giant tank. That’s nothing to do with what’s expected of me, but that’s what I want to do. We’ll allow you to do that.
When you go eight years between release dates, it’s bound to cause some excitement. Coinciding with the long-awaited 
, 
 churned out plenty of supporting material to hype the release in October.
Gaming brands and media continue to grow via social video as the demand for related content also soars by the month. To keep tabs on the growing space, GamesBeat has partnered with social video analytics company Tubular Labs to bring you a monthly chart looking at the top gaming brand and media video creators. Tubular Labs measures video content published by public channels/pages from major social video platforms. Performance metrics like views and engagements reflect the respective platforms’ definitions of them.
Red Dead Redemption 2 paced Rockstar’s creation schedule, but it drove content for other gaming entities as well. IGN, at the top of the charts again this month, had four different videos about the game that all hit at least 1 million views. Its official review of Red Dead Redemption 2 led the way with 3.7 million in October alone, and a rundown of what to do first in the game wound up with 2.4 million.
Rockstar itself hadn’t done much with social video in the three months leading up to this (YouTube and Facebook views declined to 4 million by September), but the brand posted 60 videos across multiple platforms in October — almost entirely about Red Dead Redemption, and to the tune of over 100 million views. It didn’t matter what language the videos were in, either. The most-viewed Rockstar video was a Japanese trailer for the game with 12.9 million. In total, 16 different Red Dead Redemption trailers or preorder promos received at least 2 million views apiece.
Gamology — The Best of Gaming didn’t touch Red Dead Redemption 2, but still wound up with the second-most popular gaming brand and media channel for the month. Its most popular video (54.5 million views) involved building a cardboard AK47 for amateur target practice. However, the Facebook-based company also collected high view numbers on content around solving a giant Rubik’s Cube (12 million), and Grand Theft Auto (10.9 million). In total, Gamology had 13 different new videos hit at least 1 million views for October.
Fortnite maintained its hold on the No. 3 spot, with Halloween-focused content and a surplus of Instagram videos. The “Fornitemares 2018” short video on YouTube generated 18.3 million views on its own. But beyond that, its Instagram page collected millions of views per video — adding 14 million views on that platform alone from one month to the next. Instagram subscriber numbers also climbed by 1.1 million in that stretch.
League of Legends continued its emphasis on entertainment-focused videos, with the “RISE” remix featuring Bobby of iKon earning 10.8 million views on YouTube. Its partnership with the Boston Celtics’ Gordon Hayward also generated another 6.6 million as League of Legends continued to push its ties to the NBA (they’ve been advertising during games and on NBA TV all season so far). The LoL Esports channel, focusing on professional competitions, found itself in this month’s top 10 as well, up at No. 8. LoL Esports more than doubled YouTube views in October on the strength of World Championship footage.
Gamespot found success with Red Dead Redemption 2 content (three different videos topped 1.1 million), though that was far from the channel’s only driver. A trailer for 2019 film “The Queen’s Corgi” found exactly the sort of audience you’d think for (arguably) the internet’s favorite dog breed, collecting 3.2 million views. Gamespot’s top video, though, was a clip from a different kind of Queen — the rock band biopic “We Will Rock You” — which had 10.9 million views on the month.
The Vietnamese page for Garena Liên Quân (Arena of Valor) was a surprise addition to the leaderboard in October, adding over six million YouTube views and continuing a steady three-month climb on that platform from 26.9 million up to 42.7 million.
The supply chain used to be the nerdy kid of the corporate world. Sure, companies were glad to get their products to market, but they doled out the real glory to departments like product design, branding, and marketing. Managing the uncool supply chain won you few accolades.
But I’ve watched supply chain technology evolve over the past 25 years and I think we’re now at an inflection point. Over the past two years, in particular, I’ve started to see a dramatic change in the overall attitude toward 
.
All of sudden, supply chains are seen as central to success — a real differentiator that 
 and add value. Just look at some of the hottest companies today, like mattress-maker Casper or designer eyewear provider Warby Parker. Yes, a large part of their allure is still the products they make. But what also gets consumers and investors excited is how quickly and efficiently these companies can get their products into the hands of customers.
Here’s another sign of progress: the Chief Supply Chain Officer (CSCO) is a title that didn’t exist 20 years ago but today more and more companies are adding this role to their C-suite. 
, 
, 
, 
, and 
 are just a few of the big name companies with a CSCO among their ranks. In the past, the people who ran the supply chain had offices in the back of the building. Now their offices are right next to the CEO.
Don’t believe me? Just look at Levi Strauss. The company recently 
 its head of supply chain, Liz O’Neill, to own all of sourcing, product development, and innovation. In other words, she is now the most important executive after the CEO.
There are several reasons why the supply chain is taking center stage. One is the rise of disruptive business trends like mass customization and the service economy. These days, there is a service for just about every taste and occasion. You can get a personal jet as a service, razors as a service, even bacon as a service.
In this service economy, the product is almost secondary. What matters to consumers is ease of consumption. They want a frictionless, hassle-free experience, and it can only be provided by a rock-solid supply chain.
Another factor in the supply chain’s growing prominence is its increasing sophistication. In today’s digital economy, the old linear supply chain must give way to an omni-channel supply chain that can accommodate the many new ways consumers interact with their favorite products and brands. So the best supply chains now embrace emerging technologies like artificial intelligence, 
, robotics, and the 
 to work better.
Walmart, for instance, just rolled out a new blockchain system that enables its lettuce suppliers to instantly 
 back to the farms where it was grown. This kind of food traceability has life-saving implications, such as in cases where tainted romaine may be the cause of an E. coli outbreak.
Another new technology making an impact on the supply chain is drones. There are now use cases of drones flying around warehouses and taking inventory. Outfitted with RFID and barcode readers, these drones are able to check inventory with far greater accuracy because they can easily reach the highest shelves in the warehouse and other hard-to-access areas. Traditionally, taking that kind of inventory required forklifts and was very labor-intensive and time-consuming.
And then there’s IoT. One of the big challenges in the global supply chain is gaining visibility into where products and materials are located at any given time. Some companies are now driving innovation in this area by placing IoT sensors throughout the supply chain to create a high-definition, real-time image of what the supply chain looks like at any given moment. As a result, these companies always know how much inventory they have and where it’s located, so if they’re planning a promotion, say, they won’t be caught short.
What does this all mean? As a venture investor, for me it means there is abundant new opportunity for entrepreneurs to create disruptive startups targeting the supply chain market. Historically, supply chain technology was not a hotbed of venture activity, but that is quickly changing.
Over the last several years, the number of venture dollars and the number of deals in the supply chain space has picked up significantly, especially when it comes to logistics and transportation investments. In 2016, for instance, venture investors pumped a record-setting $4 billion into 245 startups in shipping and supply chain management, according to CB Insights.
What I find most attractive about the supply chain is that, while it may not be as sexy as social media or other sectors, it is mission critical. What’s more, most enterprises are still running their supply chains with old, outdated technologies like the IBM AS 400 system. There is a very real opportunity to replace that technology and help companies make a quantum leap forward.
Another key factor working in favor of today’s supply chain startups is the cloud. Thanks to cloud-based technologies, the amount of investment capital required for a supply chain startup to reach escape velocity is significantly lower. What’s more, with the cloud you can serve a global market from the moment of launch. Supply chain entrepreneurs 
 from the word go.
As an investor, however, I am skeptical of certain supply chain startups. The first thing I want to know is whether the founding team has domain knowledge in the supply chain. In other words, have they worked in the industry previously and do they really understand supply chain? Let’s not forget this is a highly complex, mission-critical area with lots of nuances. So we want to back people with deep experience in the industry who have wrestled with these problems before and really understand what they’re dealing with.
That’s not always the case with supply chain startups. They may have an interesting story and a young, highly motivated team. But often they don’t have direct experience in the supply chain and have not lived the problem personally. That’s a problem, of course, because the only real way to build relationships and win trust with customers is by building technology that appropriately addresses their needs.
So here’s my key piece of advice: If you’re an entrepreneur who truly understands the supply chain and can identify new opportunities for improvement, it’s time to make your move. VCs are paying attention to the space, and there has never been a better time to chart a course for supply chain success.
Artificial intelligence (AI) can be a force for good — or so asserts 
, a nonprofit organization that aims to spark projects that “solve societal grand challenges.” At the 
 conference in Montreal, Xprize provided an update on its four-year effort to develop scalable AI technologies that address some of the world’s most difficult problems.
“What is it we can use AI for?” Amir Banifatemi, general manager of innovation and growth at Xprize, asked the audience assembled at Sunday morning’s talk. “[Entrants] are focusing on sustainable development goals … [and] using [a common] framework of thinking [to] solve these problems.”
Xprize’s framework of choice is SDG, or sustainable growth goals, a collection of 17 global goals set by the United Nations General Assembly 2015. They’re universal calls to action to end poverty, protect the planet, and ensure peace and prosperity, and they incorporate such lofty goals as universal clean water and sanitation and the eradication of poverty.
There’s a substantial market for SDGs, Banifatemi pointed out. A 2017 report by the Business & Sustainable Development Comission revealed that sustainable and inclusive strategies in the energy, cities, food and agriculture, and health care sectors could create “at least” $12 trillion in value, and potentially an additional $8 trillion if those strategies embedded SDGs.
“If this market is big enough, how do we incentivize the application of AI for SDGs?” Banifatemi asked.
There’s been encouraging progress in recent years. Xprize’s AI competition, which attracted sponsorship from IBM’s Watson group, received 10,000 submissions from 147 teams in May 2016. The selection committee of 30 judges whittled that number down to 59 teams in December 2017, and then to 30 teams from eight countries — Australia, Canada, France, Israel, Italy, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, and the United States — in November 2018.
The top 10 competitors will showcase their technologies in front of a live audience and judging panel this week at Concordia University in Montreal, where they’ll compete for a $35,000 first place prize, as well as a $20,000 second place prize and a $5,000 people’s choice award.
Sean McGregor, technical lead for the AI Xprize and a member of the technical staff at Irvine, California-based AI-at-the-edge computing startup 
 highlighted two of the 10 finalists: Zzapp Malaria and Behaivior.
Zzapp Malaria aims to apply AI to treatment coordination in disease-struck communities, in part by analyzing datasets and satellite data to inform strategies for communities based on environmental and other conditions.
Behaivior’s tackling the problem of opioid addiction, which caused 42,000 deaths in 2016. Its AI system combines data from wearables and smartphones into an early warning system that predicts and prevents addiction relapses and overdoses.
Here are the other eight startups that’ll be contending for a top slot later this week:
The first prize for AI Xprize is $5 million, with the grand prize and third place winners receiving $1 million and $500,000, respectively. Three lucky finalists will participate in the Grand Prize competition on the TED2020 stage in front of a live in-person and online audience.
“This competition has made it evident that the teams’ efforts to apply AI for Good not only started the trend, but created a global movement,”  Banifatemi said. “We’re proud to see humans rallying together to build responsible and useful AI that will solve some of the grandest challenges of our time.”
Xprize was founded in 1994 and has designed and launched 17 prizes in the domains of space, oceans, learning, health, energy, and the environment. To date, it has launched over $140 million in prize purses, including the $15 million Global Learning Xprize, the $10 million Qualcomm Tricorder Xprize, and the $7 million Barbara Bush Foundation Adult Literacy Xprize.
Chinese conglomerate Alibaba is one of the world’s largest ecommerce companies, but it’s increasingly turning its attention to artificial intelligence (AI). In March 2017, it launched an AI services division for health care and manufacturing, and in September its public cloud division — 
 — unveiled plans to set up a dedicated subsidiary and produce a self-developed 
 that could be used for logistics and autonomous driving.
Alibaba has its fingers in plenty of AI pies, needless to say. And during a presentation at 
 in Montreal this morning, it delivered an update on those cross-company efforts.
“We’re solving … scenarios [with] unseen difficulties,” said Rong Jin, dean of the Alibaba Institute of Data Science. “AI together with innovation [is helping] to solve some interesting challenges.”
One of those challenges is speech recognition in noisy environments, like a crowded subway system or congested convention center. Alibaba’s solution is part hardware, part software: a far-field microphone array and sophisticated deep learning algorithms that isolate voices in a crowd, drastically reducing error rate.
Compared to the 84 percent accuracy the “best” speech recognition technologies are able to achieve with a mic array alone, Alibaba claims its model is between 94 and 95 percent accurate, even with heavily accented speakers. It has already been deployed as part of a voice-based subway ticketing system in Shanghai, and Alibaba is in talks to bring it to “a number of [additional] cities.”
“Nothing can save you if you don’t get enough signal to be recognized in the first place,” Jin said.
The spoken word isn’t the only domain Alibaba is tackling with AI. Using natural language processing, it’s performing automatic translation in real time, in the cloud, so that Alibaba retail customers in countries such as Russia and the Malay region can converse with human agents in their native tongues. And it’s tapping algorithms to field a portion of the tens of thousands of calls its support centers receive each day with AliMe, Alibaba’s intelligent customer service engine.
AliMe, much like Google’s Duplex, can carry on a phone conversation and answer basic questions without involving a human agent. Perhaps more impressively, in a chatbot context, it’s able to automatically extract text and images from a supplied document with “better than human” performance.
In an onstage demo, a customer asked Dian Xiaomi — Alibaba’s answering bot — about sales promotions for a particular Bluetooth speaker, like what sort of free gifts they’d receive with their purchase and how the gifts would be delivered to their residence. (A version rolling out later this year will add sentiment analysis and automated alerts for priority cases.) Another demo showed a humanoid embodiment of the chatbot — a prototype, Jin told the audience — with coordinated eye, lip, and head movements.
It’s a boon for bustling Alibaba divisions like AliExpress, which has over 150 million users and millions of merchants, and Cainiao, whose human workers and robots fulfill more than a billion orders each year. On Singles’ Day — the November 11 Chinese shopping holiday that this year generated $30.8 billion — Alibaba’s agents receive 5 times the typical number of calls in a 24-hour period, which would have been nearly impossible to juggle without a helping hand from AI.
Dian Xiaomi currently serves almost 3.5 million users a day, Alibaba says.
But natural language processing is just the tip of Alibaba’s AI iceberg. On Xian Yu, the retailer’s used goods marketplace, the company deployed a negotiation bot that talks to buyers to settle on a price.
The bot’s development wasn’t a cakewalk — it needed to learn negotiating strategies and efficient ways to generate text that’d incentivize back-and-forth negotiation — but the end result is impressive. When published to 10 million users on the same platform, the bot had a 20 percent higher chance of making a deal than a typical human being.
“Most of the [users] are not professional sellers,” Jin said. “They don’t know how to set a price or talk to buyers.”
On the inventory management and image search front, Alibaba is leveraging a scalable computer vision architecture to sift through hundreds of millions of entities. Its Cloud Image Search algorithm can recognize objects and find images containing similar or identical ones, and one of its store management apps — which picks out multiple items on a shelf to generate a summary that includes a distribution of different brands — can detect more than 100,000 SKUs with “high accuracy.” (Alibaba’s working toward a goal of 10 million SKUs.)
Both complement Alibaba’s Ali Smart Supply Chain (ASSC), a suite of AI tools that help Alibaba merchants forecast product demand, allocate inventory, and select pricing strategies.
Alibaba’s machine vision work extends to satellite images. Using data gathered from AutoNavi, the largest map and navigation provider in China, with over 70 million users, its systems are able to identify recently constructed buildings, for example, and gather information related to road work and points of interest.
Alibaba is also using computer vision to prevent shoplifting. At its more than 66 Hema brick-and-mortar stores, offline algorithms at its self-checkout kiosks prevent ne’er-do-well customers from scanning only the first item in a basket, or concealing items from the overhead camera’s view.
“The goal is to … have a computer vision system figure out if a customer is intentionally or unintentionally scanning items,” Jin said. “The machine sees that things aren’t scanned.”
It’s powered by a deep learning algorithm — AliFPGA-X100 — that runs on a field-programmable gate array, a reconfigurable integrated circuit within the kiosks. Alibaba says it’s able to process images up to 170 times faster compared than a comparable GPU-based system.
Alibaba is also applying AI to Youku, its video hosting service. Machine learning algorithms automatically generate thumbnails for the roughly 200,000 videos its tens of millions of active users upload each day. And it can target certain audience segments with said thumbnails. Female users might see a different preview image for a given video than male users, for example. This has led to a 15 percent improvement in click-through rates and a 12 percent uptick in dwell time.
Today’s survey comes just over a year after the debut of Alibaba’s new research organization — the 
 — aimed at tackling emerging technologies, like machine learning and network security, and the opening of labs in San Mateo, Seattle, Moscow, Tel Aviv, and Singapore. It also closely follows the launch of Alibaba’s Tmall Genie, an AI-powered voice assistant that’s sold over 5 million units since it hit store shelves in July 2017.
And the company is arguably just getting started. Alibaba plans to spend more than $15 billion on research and development by 2020, it told Quartz in October 2017.
Since 2015, there have been at least 57 major retail 
. And after more than 
 in 2017, we are on track to 
. A combination of increased online shopping, declining foot traffic in malls, and competition from digital native brands has made retail a more challenging industry. Today’s retailers will have to adapt quickly to succeed in a rapidly changing market dominated by e-commerce.
Brick and mortar stores are being pummeled by e-commerce retailers with drastically lower overheads. Companies like 
 and 
 have successfully connected the dots between the online and physical retail experience. But for the next pioneers of commerce, there is something even more disruptive happening around the corner: autonomous delivery.
Auto manufacturers, such as Toyota, have already partnered with several companies, including Amazon, to create self-driving package and food delivery vehicles. With autonomous vehicles in their infancy, it can be difficult for any industry to imagine and, more importantly, implement innovative use cases. But the retailer of the future has to explore the opportunities autonomous vehicles offer — from deliveries to roving showrooms to other capabilities not yet imagined.
For retailers launching a new product or looking to break into a new market, autonomous vehicles with delivery capabilities can reduce the cost of being in a physical retail store, a mall kiosk or a pop-up shop. Additionally, autonomous vehicles can provide accurate insights into where a product is gaining traction and where it is being sold. The vehicle can then efficiently move between low and high trafficked areas. From the perspective of the lean startup methodology, autonomous vehicles applied to retail could reduce production costs and overhead and could minimize the risk of product failure before mass distribution.
Most folks shop with their smartphone in hand, comparing prices between physical and online stores. Nearly 
 are shopping online to find a better price. This shows that while consumers do want to look, feel, and touch the items they buy, they are very much price conscious.
A mobile self-driving showroom — a low-cost retail store on wheels — could be a major win for consumers by solving the online shopping problem of buying products without seeing or touching them first. And for retailers, there is the major benefit of mitigating the risks associated with setting up a physical storefront. This keeps the costs low for both the retailer and the consumer and can serve as a great brand awareness opportunity when exploring new test markets.
Retail e-commerce sales represent only 
 in the US. Companies such as Casper and Warby Parker succeeded by combining the e-commerce business model with the ability to touch and feel a physical product through a delivery system. They successfully connected the online to offline worlds and bridged that gap. While they eventually opened up popup locations and, in some cases, physical retail locations, it is this connection between the physical and digital worlds that created a recipe for success.
In the near future, autonomous vehicles powered by AI will be able to bridge that same gap for other retailers while gathering insights on where the most successful target markets are likely to be.
It’s safe to say that businesses will adopt autonomous vehicles faster than consumers with the exception of some exceptionally keen early-adopter types. With the potential cost savings that can materialize throughout the supply chain by integrating machine learning and AI and by reducing the overhead of physical stores, commerce will find itself evolving from traditional brick and mortar stores to mobile stores that are on-demand and that relocate in response to customer and business demands. It’s only a matter a time.
Bias is a well-established problem in artificial intelligence (AI) and is typical of models trained on unrepresentative datasets. It’s a tougher challenge to solve than you might think, particularly in image classification tasks where racial, societal, and ethnic prejudices frequently rear their ugly heads.
In a crowdsourced attempt to combat the problem, Google partnered with the NeurIPS competition track in September to launch the Inclusive Images Competition. This challenges teams to use Open Images — a publicly available dataset of 900 labeled images sampled from North America and Europe — to train an AI system evaluated on photos collected from regions around the world. It’s hosted on Kaggle, Google’s data science and machine learning community portal.
Pallavi Baljekar, a Google Brain researcher, gave a progress update this morning during a presentation on algorithmic fairness.
“[Image classification] performance … has [been] improving drastically … over the last few years … [and] has almost surpassed human performance [on some datasets]” Baljekar said. “[But we wanted to] see how well the models [did] on real-world data.”
To that end, Google AI scientists set a pretrained Inception v3 model loose on the Open Images dataset. One photo — a caucasian bride in a Western-style, long and full-skirted wedding dress — resulted in labels like “dress,” “women,” “wedding,” and “bride.” However, another image — also of a bride, but of Asian descent and in ethnic dress — produced labels like “clothing,” “event,” and “performance art.” Worse, the model completely missed the person in the image.
“As we move away from the Western presentation of what a bride looks like … the model is not likely to [produce] image labels as a bride,” Baljekar said.
Above: Wedding photographs labeled by a classifier trained on the Open Images dataset.
The reason is no mystery. Comparatively few of the photos in the Open Images dataset are from China, India, and the Middle East. And research has already shown that computer vision systems are susceptible to racial bias.
A 
 found that AI developed in China, Japan, and South Korea had more trouble distinguishing between Caucasian faces than East Asians, and in a separate 
 conducted in 2012 facial recognition algorithms from vendor Cognitec performed 5 to 10 percent worse on African Americans than on Caucasians. More recently, a House oversight committee 
 on facial recognition technologies revealed that algorithms used by the Federal Bureau of Investigation to identify criminal suspects are wrong about 15 percent of the time, while Amazon‘s Rekognition program 
, with a strong bias against individuals of color.
The Inclusive Images Competition’s goal, then, was to spur competitors to develop image classifiers for scenarios where data collection would be difficult — if not impossible.
To compile a diverse dataset against which submitted models could be evaluated, Google AI used an app that instructed users to take pictures of objects around them and generated captions using on-device machine learning. The captions were converted into action labels and passed through an image classifier, which were verified by a human team. A second verification step ensured people were properly labeled in images.
In the first of two competition stages, during which 400 teams participated, Google AI released 32,000 images of diverse data sampled from different geolocations and label distributions from the Open Image data. In the second stage, Google released 100,000 images with different labels and geographical distributions from the first stage and training dataset.
Above: Examples of labeled images from the challenge dataset.
So what were the takeaways? The top three teams used a combination of networks and data augmentation techniques, and their AI systems maintained relatively high accuracy in both stage one and stage two. And while four out of five of the top teams’ models didn’t predict the “bride” label when applied to the original two bride images, they did recognize a person in the images.
“Even with a small, diverse set of data, we can improve performance on unseen target distributions,” Baljekar said.
Google AI will release a 500,000-image diverse dataset on December 7.
Global cybersecurity 
, fueled by increasingly complex environments and sophisticated attacks. While this growth is driven globally by 
, much of the demand, especially for enterprise security, 
. This presents cybersecurity innovators from abroad with a unique challenge: How do you develop, launch, and grow a product for a market thousands of miles away?
For non-U.S. cybersecurity startups with high aspirations, selling to the U.S. isn’t an option, it’s a necessity. Markets like Israel are too small to support venture-scale businesses, and other large markets (Europe, Asia) present their own complications. Given this dynamic, it’s never too early to start planning. Here is an outline of the playbook my firm uses to support seed-stage Israeli startups as they penetrate the American market, along with insights from founders at various stages of growth:
Founders often experience technological tunnel vision. Obsessing over features at the expense of fit is common, especially with customers an ocean away. Pinpointing the right problem to solve (and for whom to solve it) is equally important as engineering an impressive technical solution. Engaging relevant customers, however, is easier said than done.
Many early-stage non-U.S. entrepreneurs lack the robust American network needed to hit the ground running. And while local design partners can be important (especially pre-funding), customer discovery needs to happen at scale in the target market. To us, this means engaging with 70+ Chief Information Security Officers when validating a team’s initial product. Founders should add this high on the list of things to consider when evaluating early investors.
Yaniv Bar Dayan, CEO of 
, explains: “When you develop something in vain, you actually pay the price twice. If you don’t validate in the target market beforehand, you leave the fate of your company entirely up to chance. … Talking with top prospects from the beginning allowed us to verify Vulcan’s thesis; and to optimally invest R&D resources.”
Finding the right beta customers requires a huge top of funnel, which is why engaging with as many customers as early as possible is key. If a team presents its idea to 50 relevant CISOs and can’t find willing beta partners, it’s probably time to critically re-evaluate the value proposition. Our portfolio companies engage with approximately 5-7 early design partners prior to general availability.
Treat these early discussions as collaborative and avoid aggressive sales tactics – a common misstep among eager early-stage founders. Jonathan Langer, CEO of 
 advises: “Early on, engage with clients, don’t sell to them. Hear them out and listen to their needs. That way, when you come back with an answer to those needs (i.e. your beta), you won’t have to sell them – they’ll have already bought in.”
The next consideration is where to look for these partnerships. Jonathan recalls: “After initially speaking to a range of people, we found our customer was very different than we first thought. Discovering this early was critical. Strong beta partnerships need a champion who’s influential and innovative. If she’s an executive, even better. But reaching C-level often requires winning over users lower down the corporate ladder. So be open during those early conversations.”
When working with beta customers, accommodate their needs, but avoid over-customization. Building a bespoke solution is short-sighted and can hurt your chances of long-term success. If you can’t prioritize a requested feature, acknowledge it and explain your reasoning. Partners will understand but must feel heard – this is a top complaint I hear from CISOs who are early adopters. Nathan Burke, CMO of 
, understands this dynamic well: “The relationship you develop and intelligence you get about how each prospect experiences the problem is all part of how you close the deal.”
Although iteration should have begun during market validation, beta testing differs in kind and degree. Nathan points out that your burden of proof is higher here: “Sometimes early customers don’t always give you critical feedback – they’re too polite. The question isn’t whether it’s interesting. Instead it’s, “What critical feedback do I need to make potential customers ready to buy?” Rigorous testing with beta partners who are good proxies (or even prospects) for customers will quickly shape an MVP into a market-ready product. Then it’s time to accelerate growth.
Hiring a U.S. sales lead is a particularly daunting task for non-U.S. entrepreneurs without a pre-existing network. The variance in effort needed to make this critical hire is huge, and the process can take months. CEOs will often delay here, believing they can handle sales themselves (especially if they are good at it), but delegating daily sales responsibility is a precondition for scaling meaningfully.
The job headline should be: great operator with potential to grow into a manager. The priority is to secure the first 3-5 paying customers in order to secure a great Series A round. A common mistake is hiring an experienced VP of Sales who can run a global team but hasn’t had to operate solo in years. At this stage, startups can survive (even thrive) with someone who isn’t a manager but can hustle and close deals on her own – the opposite is untrue.
The U.S. sales lead needs to be scrappy and resourceful. Initially, look for someone with real hustle and a strong, relevant network. Culture and fit are also crucial. The U.S. salesperson must work with leadership closely, yet operate remotely. Experience in a similar role is ideal. Great chemistry is a must. As everything comes together, it will be time to raise additional capital to scale.
I’m often asked: “How much revenue do I need to get to a Series A raise?” That’s an oversimplified question. Providing a number is arbitrary because good Series A investors look far deeper than revenue. And while there is an argument for pursuing quick wins to start appealing to Series A investors, customers are only a proxy for the real objective — building sustainable business momentum. Yes, we say winning 3-5 customers is important, but so is the type of customers you have, the robustness of the pipeline, the partner and channel relationships you’re cultivating, the quality of the team, the maturity of the product, and the roadmap to scale.
Informal introductions to Series A investors should start as early as customer discovery. You don’t want your first conversation with a potential Series A investor to be the one where you’re asking them for money! These conversations, independent of investment, will grant valuable perspective on your product and naturally expand your network.
Each 
 will vary, presenting different challenges depending on the team and market. The key is balancing the need for short-term wins while pursuing the ultimate vision as you progress from an idea on a napkin to a growing company with paying customers. Achieving early milestones without compromising long-term potential requires discipline and tenacity, but when done properly can optimize your chances for success.
Startup Dreamscape Immersive is beginning its roll-out of location-based VR entertainment beginning with a premier location at Westfield Century City in Los Angeles followed by multiple locations in 2019 at AMC Theatres.
One of the physical props used in the entry room to Alien Zoo from Dreamscape Immersive during its trial run early in 2018.
I visited Dreamscape Immersive earlier this year during its Alien Zoo trial run and came away 
 they were able to create with an original story unconnected to any existing property — a departure from the strategy 
 by startup The VOID for its VR locations.
The Alien Zoo will be joined by an exclusive version of WEVR’s groundbreaking The Blu experience co-produced by the two startups, as well as Lavan’s Magic Projector: The Lost Pearl, all available starting Dec. 14 at the Westfield Century City mall. The location will ultimately house five “adventure pods featuring an array of exciting original and studio-based experiences that will be refreshed on a regular basis.”
Advance tickets to the Wesfield location are available starting today from 
. By mid-2019, Dreamscape representatives plan to launch more locations in partnership with AMC Theatres in Dallas/Ft. Worth, Columbus Ohio and the New York/New Jersey area.
“Dreamscape is about merging the scope and emotional power of cinema with the pure visceral excitement of a great theme-park ride — all within a totally new VR technology that allows our audience to enter into and become part of the story,” said Walter Parkes, co-chairman of Dreamscape Immersive, in a prepared statement.
Here are official summaries for the three initial experiences:
“Alien Zoo … offers guests the opportunity to travel to a larger than life, intergalactic haven where they come face-to-face with endangered alien creatures from across the galaxy. Upon arrival, travelers will experience the exhilaration of being able to play ball with exotic frogcats, pet majestic creatures, and, by working together, even narrowly escape the galaxy’s greatest predator.”
“In Lavan’s Magic Projector: The Lost Pearl audiences are offered a fundamental wish fulfillment: to step through the screen and become part of a movie. Once inside this heart-pumping adventure, participants will be challenged to unlock clues, escape treacherous traps, and work together as they discover the secret of The Lost Pearl.”
“In The Blu: Deep Rescue, Dreamscape’s breathtaking co-production with WeVR, an epic descent into the ocean to explore dazzling underwater worlds and aquatic life soon becomes an urgent mission to rescue a trapped baby Blue Whale and unite it with its mother.”
.
When you think about interactions that the contact center is able to provide, whether it’s voice or non-voice, the end consumer is not going to be overly concerned about what the interface is going to be — human or bot? says Peter Ryan, principal analyst of Ryan Strategic Advisory. What they’re going to be concerned with is effectiveness: is my problem going to be resolved as quickly as possible?
“I’m a big believer in the fact that consumers and individuals have a great deal of patience when it comes to the interactions they have with contact centers,” Ryan says. “Where a lot of companies have gotten it wrong is they’ve tried to put the technology ahead of the consumer, and that failed very badly.”
In the early 2000s, the savior of customer support was voice-automated IVR — we were going to be talking to computers and computers were going to solve everything. It was going to reduce, or even eliminate, the need for agents, both onshore and offshore.
“It didn’t happen, because organizations had too much confidence in where the technology was at that point, and it ended up ticking off a lot of consumers,” he explains. “Now, because we’re in an era where the consumer is king and consumer loyalty is the number-one priority, companies are applying what lessons were learned 10 to 15 years ago to 2019 and beyond.”
There’s no question that the rollout of chatbot technology is here, he says, and it’s working exceptionally well. But companies have to be very smart about how they’re deploying it, recognizing that there are limitations.
“These limitations, year on year, get pushed out further in terms of the improvements that get made around these solutions,” he says, “but the trick is understanding that you have to have a blended solution. You have to know when the interaction with the chatbot moves over to a human, and then that human can pick up the ball and run with it and make sure the interaction with the consumer is going to be 100 percent solid.”
Blending the human interaction alongside the technology is probably the biggest challenge many organizations have faced.
“The future of work will be a very seamless blend of automated technology alongside higher-value skills,” he says. “Individuals going into the work force today, and individuals in the work force who are looking to ensure they’ll be relevant, are making sure they’re moving on with the reality that perhaps the job they did a few years ago, a machine is going to be doing it.”
No sector is impervious to the use of chatbot technology or self-service automated solutions, he says, and most companies will be able to cut costs significantly with a reduced need for live voice agents, or any need at all. He points to companies like Uber, Airbnb, and the plethora of others using that same business model, where there’s very little reason for customers to use the telephone to contact them, and in many cases, consumers are much more comfortable with non-voice interactions than they would be picking up the telephone.
The amount of automation a company can harness, however, depends on the use case: the complexity of the inquiry, the nature of the information a consumer is looking for, what they need the enterprise or the organization to do for them. If it’s something simple and straightforward, like providing a timetable or information on something relatively rudimentary, there’s no reason that couldn’t be handle by a decent automated system, Ryan says.
“The fact of the matter is, a lot of these automated solutions are fantastic,” he says. “You can change flights using them. You can do banking transactions. You can pay your credit card bill. The question comes down to what technology an organization has in place, how scalable it is to move up that value chain in terms of handling more complex tasks, and to what extent an organization wants their end users to feel that they’re being serviced more by so-called robots as opposed to live agents.”
But again, the technology has to be solid before the handover to a live human, whether the human is on chat or on the phone.
“It’s always going to be a work in progress in terms of programming and developing the different algorithms that will go into planning for the rollout of the initial bot,” he says, “and the different interactions and iterations it’s going to have over the lifetime of being in front of consumers.”
He explains that the key thing an organization needs to do to deploy this type of technology is to use as much analytical solution technology available in order to learn, over the course of interactions, what’s working with the chatbots versus what’s not working.
“The problem is, too many organizations out there are facing cash crunches with regard to their CRM or customer interaction budgets, and they just don’t have the money to spend on more people or more development,” he says. “Unfortunately, they’d prefer to try to default to just allowing individuals to use technology that might not be ready for prime time. But it’s simply a false economy. It ends up eroding customer value.”
How many times does a customer feel they have to go to a company’s chatbot that’s just not going to work before they get angry and go to another provider of a similar product or service?
“The sad part is that a lot of organizations are facing that situation, and they don’t have the resources, or the perceived resources, to sink into making the technology better, or learning from what’s not working well with regard to what’s in place and fixing it,” he says. “If they were able to do so, I think that would probably provide a great deal more in regard to loyalty, to repeat business, and to increasing share of wallet over the consumer’s lifetime.”
For an in-depth look at the long-term implications of bots and AI, 
 and more, don’t miss this VB Live event.
SHANGHAI–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 3, 2018–
      BOX, the startup behind the non-custodial crypto wallet for       institutional investment, announced their new BOX Ecosystem on November       30
 at the launch event hosted at the Shanghai Film Plaza.       With a full house attendance, the institutional wallet provider wowed       the audience with the release of their new BOX Ecosystem Model, powered       by the combination of BoxVault, WalletMate, and Bolaxy, an       Enterprise-grade multi-chain blockchain made for supply chain finance.    
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: 
Full attendance at Bolaxy reveal event with Nasdaq, Intel and Baidu Cloud (Graphic: Business Wire)  
      BOX Founder Damo Shang kicked off the event with the launch of       “BoxVault”, a new version of the BOX Business Wallet with upgrades like       batch transfers and approvals, multi-address management, and an open API       for multi-chain usage.    
      The event was attended by the most important names in tech and finance,       such as Yeeli Zheng, China Chief Representative for Nasdaq; Zhiqiang Li,       Director of Product Planning at Intel Security PRC; Yao Liu, Director of       Blockchain Product at Baidu Cloud all speaking at the event.    
      Bolaxy will offer a system enabling supply chain finance participants to       perform complex transactions that are currently not possible in       blockchain due to limitations in transaction throughput and scalability.       By using a novel multi-chain blockchain system, Bolaxy combines a main       chain ledger and “Union”, it’s child chain, marrying both speed and       security under one platform. The blockchain operating system uses a       Dual-consensus algorithm based on “Proof-of-Authority”, which promises       to be more secure, fairer, and more transparent.    
      “The financial supply chain is a trillion-dollar market, and the       blockchain solution represented by the BOX ecosystem will solve the pain       point of high financing costs for SMEs.” Said Yeeli during her talk on       the “Blockchain Revolution in Financial Markets”    
      Zhiqiang Li said, “With BOX as our partner, Intel will be able to       provide our customers with the scalability and throughput required for       their high-frequency and complex scenarios.”    
      Yao Liu said, “Baidu Cloud, BOX, and Intel will cooperate to contribute       to blockchain commercial expansion, especially in the field of       enterprise security.”    
      BOX CEO Damo wrapped up the event with all strategic partners on stage,       together opening the virtual ship bay doors to reveal Bolaxy. Damo       concluded the event with his focus on partnerships, “After this official       launch of Bolaxy, we will cooperate with others and promote a wide range       of blockchain applications”.    
      BOX Foundation
Adela       Chen    
Less than a month after 
 for its $3,200 developer kit program, the company has confirmed to UploadVR that it’s putting the process “on hold.”
Last month, StarVR stated that its first production units for StarVR One were ready. Developers could apply to purchase the headset, which featured 210-degree horizontal-by-130-degree vertical field of view, dual AMOLED panels, integrated eye-tracking and SteamVR 2.0 tracking (though no SteamVR base stations to actually track the device). Thursday, we also reported on the StarVR’s claims that its headset would be the first to 
.
But trouble was brewing surrounding the announcement. Ahead of the launch, StarVR announced that it was delisting StarVR from the Taipei Exchange Emerging Markets board, citing the current state of the VR industry as one reason. Then, earlier this week, we learned that headset creator Starbreeze, which now owns around a third of StarVR (the other two-thirds belonging to Acer), 
 with the Stockholm District Court. Its offices have been raided this week, leading to one arrest linked to insider-trading.
Today a StarVR spokesperson provided UploadVR with the following statement: “We believe it is the most responsible course of action to put the StarVR Developer Program on hold while there are uncertainties with our key overseas shareholder, and also while our company is in the process of going private, which may entail some changes to our operations.”
The same message has been sent to anyone that had enrolled in the program thus far. The statement certainly seems to refer to Starbreeze’s current difficulties.
It’s uncertain what this means for the future of the VR headset, which had been designed for location-based and enterprise experiences. One thing is likely; developers will have to wait at least a little longer to get their hands on the hardware if it does indeed ever reach their doorsteps.
.
Computational efficiency is the name of the game in artificial intelligence (AI). It’s not easy maintaining a balance between training speed, accuracy, and energy consumption, but recent hardware advances have made the goal more attainable than it once was. Case in point: IBM will this week showcase AI training methods that result in orders of magnitude better performance than the previous state of the art.
The first of the Armonk, New York company’s breakthroughs is an accelerated digital technique that achieves full accuracy with 8-bit precision. The second is an 8-bit precision technique for an analog chip — the highest of its kind to date, IBM claims — that roughly doubles accuracy.
Both were detailed today in Montreal at 
, one of the world’s largest AI and machine learning conferences.
“The coming generation of AI applications will need faster response times, bigger AI workloads, and multimodal data from numerous streams. To unleash the full potential of AI, we are redesigning hardware with AI in mind: from accelerators to purpose-built hardware for AI workloads, like our new chips, and eventually quantum computing for AI,” Jeffrey Welser, vice president and lab director at IBM Research-Almaden, wrote in a blog post. “Scaling AI with new hardware solutions is part of a wider effort at IBM Research to move from narrow AI, often used to solve specific, well-defined tasks, to broad AI, which reaches across disciplines to help humans solve our most pressing problems.”
Moving from relatively high precision (16 bit) floating point arithmetic to low precision (8 bit) FP might sound counterintuitive, but tasks like speech recognition and language translation aren’t necessarily that exacting. Making do with approximations opens the door to significant power efficiency and performance gains. As Welser explains, the “computational building blocks” with 16-bit precision engines are on average 4 times smaller than comparable blocks with 32-bit precision.
In a paper titled “Training Deep Neural Networks with 8-bit Floating Point Numbers,” IBM researchers describe how they were able to both reduce the arithmetic precision for additions from 32 bits to 16 bits and preserve accuracy at 8-bit precision across models like ResNet50, AlexNet, and BN50_DNN, as well as a range of image, speech, and text datasets. They claim their technique accelerates training time for deep neural networks by 2 to 4 times over 16-bit systems.
A second paper — “8-bit Precision In-Memory Multiplication with Projected Phase-Change Memory” — lays bare a method that compensates for the low intrinsic precision of analog AI chips, enabling them to hit 8-bit precision in scalar multiplication operation and roughly double accuracy while consuming 33 times less energy than comparable digital AI systems.
The paper’s authors propose in-memory computing as an alternative to traditional memory, which performs the dual role of storing data and processing it. That architectural tweak alone can reduce energy usage by 90 percent or more, and additional performance gains come from phase-change memory (PCM), which has a conductance that can be modified with electrical pulses. This property enables it to perform calculations, and researchers’ projected PCM (Proj-PCM) renders PCM largely immune to variations in conductance, allowing it to achieve much higher precision than previously possible.
“The improved precision achieved by our research team indicates in-memory computing may be able to achieve high-performance deep learning in low-power environments, such as IoT and edge applications,” Welser wrote. “As with our digital accelerators, our analog chips are designed to scale for AI training and inferencing across visual, speech, and text datasets and extend to emerging broad AI.”
News cycles haven’t been kind to tech talent in the Heartland lately. Amazon’s choice of New York and Arlington for its new headquarters sparked plenty of think pieces diving into the quality and quantity of tech talent between the coasts.
Yet whatever issues hold their tech companies back (and access to talent is one of them), many of the Heartland’s emerging tech hubs show investor-worthy growth rates. And 
, a more than $230 million investment expected to create 5,000 high-paying full-time jobs.
“My first visit to Nashville was last May,” said Monique Villa. She fell in love almost immediately, deciding to leave Los Angeles for the Tennessee capital. She remains an investor with Los Angeles-based Mucker Capital and has launched her own organization in Nashville, called Modern Capital.
Would Villa have felt at home in Nashville if Amazon were already there? The influence of such an enormous company could squash the cultural uniqueness of a city that size — and new data shows culture gives Heartland cities their greatest competitive advantage.
This year, Powderkeg launched the 
, a research initiative aimed at understanding the challenges and opportunities within emerging tech hubs between the coasts. The project surveyed more than 1,000 entrepreneurs, investors, and tech professionals across a combined eight cities: Boulder, Chattanooga, Cincinnati, Denver, Indianapolis, Knoxville, Memphis, and Nashville. Looking at these markets, two trends stand out.
First, all show growth rates worthy of VC dollars. For instance, the 33 Cincinnati SaaS startups surveyed show a median growth rate of 100 percent in annual recurring revenue (ARR), with a mean of 110 percent.
Second, tech talent values company culture above all else. The startups achieving high growth rates recognize that and prioritize the creation of an exciting work culture. Meanwhile, 
.
“[Diversity and inclusion] is missing in Silicon Valley hugely,” said Courtney “Coko” Eason, founder and CEO of Nashville-based Milk the Moment. “I think that’s why these tech hubs are starting to just pop up in other places, so you can create your own culture.”
Think about that from a talent angle. Would you rather go to Silicon Valley and fight entrenched brogrammer culture or would you rather go somewhere new and help build a community culture from scratch?
Data shows talent wants the latter. Company culture is the top reason surveyed tech professionals choose their employers, averaging 27 percent of responses across all U.S. Tech Census Markets. Passion for the product or service follows close behind. Compensation never ranked higher than third.
This makes innovating around culture a no-brainer, especially when recruiting and attrition costs can exceed a Midwest-sized seed round of funding. According to LinkedIn, technology has 
, at 13.2 percent.
So is it as easy as invest in culture, and tech talent will come running? Not exactly.
 isn’t accidental. Nor is the rise of logistics software companies in Chattanooga or 
. See a pattern?
The companies in these emerging tech hubs play to their strengths, leveraging not just existing industries, but also what’s culturally unique about their cities. That makes it much easier for community resources to emerge and rally around their local tech ecosystems.
In each market surveyed, the majority of the tech workforce grew up and went to college outside of the state. More than 70 percent of Denver respondents and 60 percent of Boulder respondents grew up and/or went to college outside of Colorado. What attracted them?
A local tech culture that prioritizes work-life balance. That speaks to the work done by local organizations to show how Denver and Boulder’s frontier spirit and love of the outdoors bleeds into the tech community. The same is happening in Memphis, where many see tech entrepreneurship as a natural evolution of the city’s creative energy.
“When you think about Memphis, you think about music,” says Gebre Waddell, CEO of Memphis’ Soundways. “We’ve found some way of channeling that creative energy that’s been present in our city, that was part of the birth of [blues, soul, and rock n’ roll] into tech. You see it in the UI, in the UX.”
Today’s tech professionals realize they have something they didn’t have before: options.
People who left the Heartland to start their career on the West Coast are starting to come back, and 
 worth pursuing.
“We’re starting to see some executive boomerangs,” says Charlie Key, CEO of Cincinnati-based Losant. “These people are going out to the coasts, getting experience, and then coming back. There are people here that can create products and businesses that can compete anywhere in the world.”
In every market surveyed in the Tech Census, low cost of living and low business costs were major factors in attracting talent and founders. But low-cost options generally don’t win on their own.
In Columbus, several seasoned Silicon Valley investors launched Drive Capital, noting that they saw the Midwest as “the opportunity of a lifetime.” Monique Villa felt the same way about the Southeast when she founded ModernCapital in Nashville.
“From a macro level, we’re seeing this big shift, where talent is becoming the stronger of the magnets between capital and talent,” says Villa. “Traditionally, we’ve seen talent follow capital, and now we’re seeing capital follow talent. I think for that reason, people are going to be building companies everywhere.” That’s excellent news for the Heartland. Those who do their best work near the Blue Ridge Mountains or the Great Lakes shouldn’t have to choose between New York or Silicon Valley. And investors seem to agree. The more emerging tech hubs embrace their local culture 
, and the more investors will bring their presence (not just their dollars) into the Heartland.
Updated with Monique Villa’s correct title.
As an Army colonel in the mid-2000s, I got an insider’s view on how the U.S. military ties itself up in red tape. The Army was facing a crisis — our warfighters were being killed and maimed at an unacceptably high rate by roadside bombs. America had an answer: the Mine-Resistant Ambush Protected vehicle known as MRAP. But getting them built and sent to the battlefield was bogged down in bureaucracy.
I watched with admiration how then-Defense Secretary Robert Gates short-circuited roadblocks to get the MRAPs and other crucial equipment into soldiers’ hands. The accelerated deployment alone saved thousands of U.S. lives.
I say this to show that the military can be complicated, and a good idea alone isn’t always enough. We are at our best when we leverage all of America’s talent to collaborate in support of our Nation’s defense.
Most entrepreneurs are smart and persistent enough to find for themselves a Broad Agency Announcement, the government’s request for proposals, or the 
, which provides R&D funding for companies with fewer than 500 employees. After that, however, even the most persistent founders can find themselves in what I call the “valley of death” — that purgatory between a funded idea and a lucrative contract. To navigate your way out of the valley, you first need to understand the military’s culture and structure.
It’s important to realize that the military is not monolithic — each service has its own unique culture and priorities. A particular technology may be useful for the Army in one way but have a completely different application for the Navy or Marines. Don’t assume that unlocking interest from one branch will automatically lead to demand from the others.
One promising new route for entrepreneurs is the Army Futures Command that 
.
The aim of the new Command, led by a four-star general, is to put decision makers responsible for modernization of the military closer to innovators, and to streamline the acquisition process. The Army envisions it as being nimble and better able to work with entrepreneurs and innovators.
Once companies find an entry point — like the Army Futures Command — they can focus on strategy. The next steps are to find someone you can brief and to build your proposal to show exactly how it solves a military problem.
As an Army officer, I sat in on many briefings by entrepreneurs who had a great product but failed to show clearly how it would address a specific problem. Their efforts went unrewarded.
The Army’s goals aren’t a mystery. In fact, they’re 
.
The service currently has six priorities for modernization, ranging from long-range precision fire to soldier lethality. So any startup targeting the Army needs to carefully craft its briefing to show how its technology will advance the service’s capability in one of those six areas.
When it comes to long-range precision fire, for example, a startup is unlikely to be able to provide the whole system that America needs to keep pace with Chinese and Russian advances. But it can target its proposal to a key component of the system; say, a single sensor that might improve battlefield accuracy.
It’s important to realize that the military is not prescriptive in the exact solution it wants. For entrepreneurs, there is no one critical path to success. It’s up to them to come up with and communicate solutions that can solve specific problems.
With that in mind, here are three key elements that companies need to address when presenting their potential solution to the military.
The proposal needs to make clear how the technology meets the military’s requirements to solve a specific problem. For the Army, the best way to achieve this is to tie your idea to one of the service’s six priorities. A common mistake startups make is to pitch an array of possible uses in the hope that something sticks. That reflects a widespread assumption that the military is a honeypot with unlimited funds. On the contrary, there is a lot of rigor in the procurement process. What’s more, the defense budget may get tighter in the future as we look to balance competing priorities of the debt, fiscal shortfalls, and domestic needs.
 Your proposal should be something that is supported by current technology and that can be accomplished in the next one to two years. Too often, startups bring ideas that have great promise but that can’t solve an immediate military problem because the existing technology does not support it. For example, despite recent advances in technology, we are a long way from being able to build an Ironman-style robot that can fly around the battlefield. Not that the Army doesn’t want one, eventually. It’s just that it’s not going to be here anytime soon . Better to focus your proposal on technology that does exist, such as the exoskeletons that are being developed to improve soldiers’ load-carrying capacity and marching pace.
 This is another area where entrepreneurs’ notion of the military as a bottomless source of funding can count against them. Many startups go into their briefings expecting to get 100 percent funding from the military. In reality, companies hardly ever get fully funded and will have to put up a substantial amount of their own funds. The best strategy is not to mention costs at all up front and to make every effort to get buy-in by demonstrating the technology and allowing the military to 
. Once you win that buy-in, you should have more leverage on funding.
There’s no doubt the military is an often confounding tangle of bureaucracy. The mistake would be in assuming that red tape means there’s no way of knowing what the military actually wants, or no way to know how to sell it to them.
YouTube Gaming has become a huge part of internet culture in recent years, and that was visible at 
 this week
Every day, more than 200 million people view gaming content on YouTube. That’s like the entire country of Brazil heading to YouTube every day. And in the past year, people watched more than 50 billion hours of gaming videos on YouTube. That’s almost twice the total time Americans spend commuting to work in a year.
One of the people responsible for making this happen is Ryan Wyatt, global head of gaming and VR, content and partnerships, at YouTube Gaming. I talked with him this week ahead of 
 event about. I also made it to the after party for the show, sponsored by YouTube.
We all know that celebrities like Ninja are making millions of dollars with their content on YouTube. But I’ve been curious about just how far that will go, with a long tail. How many people are going to make a living on YouTube with game-related content?
Here’s an edited transcript of our interview.
Above: Ryan Wyatt is global head of gaming and VR, content and partnerships, at YouTube Gaming.
 We just had our biggest year yet. We have 200 million logged-in users watching gaming content every day. We’ve been excited with some of the products we’re rolling up. We crossed a big milestone where we hit 50 billion hours of gaming watch time in the last 12 months. We’ve been happy with everything. We’re working on more new products now that we’re excited to roll out. We recently did a fun partnership with Supercell around account linking that was met with high regard in the Clash Royale community.
We’re excited about the platform and the growth and the experience in the gaming community. Creators continue to flourish. All these new games have sprung up over the past year, especially Fortnite. Obviously tonight, with the awards, is a good time to reflect on the past 12 months. Everyone here is proud of what we’ve been doing with gaming at YouTube.
 Yeah, we are. We’re excited. Geoff’s been doing the awards since 2014, and you know as well that it’s a key moment for the gaming community. We’re excited to be a part of it. It’s a good time for all of us to celebrate the industry.
 This is our first time sponsoring it. We started talking to Geoff a couple of months ago about getting involved. We thought sponsoring the red carpet would be something that would be really exciting. Not just to celebrate game publishers, but also game creators, and just embrace the industry.
 Each year Geoff has done a great job iterating on the show, making sure it reaches a global audience, making sure all the publishers and creators are involved. It truly is the best moment of the year in the industry. I expect this will be the biggest year yet.
 Since 2015, yeah, we’ve been doing E3 with Geoff. He’s been a wonderful partner to YouTube. Everything he does is excellent, with the highest care in mind for the game industry. It was natural for us to get involved in the Game Awards as well, with all the success we’ve had at E3.
 YouTube Rewind is our annual collection of lists where we look at the top trends in videos. We pay tribute to some of the biggest videos on YouTube, as well as embracing our creators. We had the Fallout 76 official teaser trailer. A lot of people were really excited for Pokemon Go and the Let’s Go Pikachu, Let’s Go Eevee trailer. Certainly with the rise of Fortnite we saw great things from Ninja as far as some big videos, like getting 32 kills in a solo. It’s been great.
From my perspective, a big part of it is that all the videos showed such wide diversity. It’s great gameplay. It’s trailers. It’s a bit of both the creator and the publisher community. There’s one where a creator has this trap tunnel race in Fortnite, using the bikes in there, which is pretty comical. My personal favorite, someone got police officers to play Grand Theft Auto V and try to play the game without breaking any laws. It’s hysterical. If you go down the list, you’ll see some that will make you laugh, some that aren’t any surprise. It was a good mix. It speaks to the diversity of content on the platform.
 There’s a lot of interesting things happening in the industry right now. We were obviously happy to have our biggest year yet with gaming on YouTube. We’re starting to see mobile games being watched and consumed much more often. That’s been an interesting trend. Just seeing again, the way Fortnite flourished–for a long time the biggest games on YouTube have been Minecraft and GTA and League of Legends. To see Fortnite to come out of nowhere as this blockbuster hit is really exciting. The rise and continued growth of VOD has been exciting alongside the progress we’ve made with live streaming. If I was to pick what’s caught my eye the most, though, it’s how big and how explosive mobile gaming has become on the platform.
 We see YouTube as unique. We’re a video platform. We focus on all different verticals of content, from VOD to live streaming to mobile video to VR video. We hit 200 million users every day watching gaming. I think our progress speaks for itself. We have a lot of exciting things we’ll be doing in 2019. We’re focused on our creators and continuing to grow our platform. We’re well-positioned in the industry.
 We’ve been fortunate to have YouTube around for 11, 12 years now. Gaming has always been a major part of the platform. Obviously we have a robust ad platform that allows creators to monetize and we’ve been continuing to create opportunities for alternative monetization outside of ads. We focus on creators being able to come to the platform, have a career, and start making money.
We look at that as an important part of what we want to do for gaming creators, and it’ll certainly be a continued focus in 2019, to create more products that allow creators to monetize in different ways. We’re very proud to be the leading platform in that regard. We have a lot of progress we still want to make.
 Absolutely. We had to go through a lot in the last year, and we feel like we’ve come out the other end of that. Creators are monetizing better than they ever have on the platform. We’ve released a lot of other products for them to rely on — not just ad monetization, but alternative monetization products. Again, we’re still going to keep improving and introducing new options.
 We obviously have community guidelines, but we’ve been happy with — look at Nintendo’s announcement, where they’re embracing game creators and allowing them to monetize on the platform. I think we’re making great progress in that regard. We try to be an open platform and allow any content that comes up, but certainly we have community guidelines that people need to adhere to. We try to embrace the freedom of the platform.
 I think that’s right. Nintendo is making a big step forward by embracing the creator community, and that’s a testament to what the power of creators can do. Creators play a big role in making sure we have a healthy ecosystem of people playing, consuming, and watching gaming. The progress we’re making is tremendous. I’m excited for 2019, with everything that’s happened this year. I do believe YouTube can play a big part in showcasing and highlighting how important the creator community is to the publishers.
 We’re focused on a couple of things that you can expect. One is figuring out how we can add more meaningful product integration with game publishers. What we most recently launched with Supercell around account linking in Clash Royale was just one part of what we want to do. Another area you can expect–we’ll continue to innovate on alternative monetization products, so that our creators can make more money in more ways. There’s a lot you can expect from us in 2019, but those are two specific areas where we’re going to continue to focus and innovate.
 It’s not something we speak to publicly as far as talking about creator economics within the platform. But I do think we have a system in place where anybody can become a creator and start monetizing through advertising and our other products. We do have a very long tail when it comes to creators making money. Some of them are absolutely funding a lifestyle as full-time gaming creators. That’s something we do focus on, making sure that number continues to get bigger. Our hope is to continue to improve how many people can make money playing games on YouTube. That’s an important metric for us, and we’re focused on making monetization tools available to creators. It’s an important part of what we’re doing at YouTube.
 Absolutely. We’re thinking about how anybody can get on the platform. If they’re interested in making gaming videos and creating a community, we want to give them the tools to be able to monetize. We put a lot of thought into the products we create as far as monetization for torso and tail creators, alternative monetization products, making sure they can continue to make money on our platform, and will continue to put a lot of thought into innovating new products.
 Gamers are vocal about their opinions, whatever they may be. I think gaming creators are an important part of market trends in general around game purchases. A lot of viewers look to their favorite game creators for opinions that they very much value around whether they should be buying and participating in a game. There’s no doubt that YouTube gaming creators are an influential part of the industry, and so are the users on the platform. Looking at the breadth of content that’s being created for different games or what games creators are playing, those are definitely indicators of what games will be popular and highly rated by users.
 (
) has more than 150 chapters around the world representing thousands of game developers.
The 24-year-old developer advocacy group recently appointed Vesa Raudasoja as new chair of the board of directors, promoting him from the vice-chair position. He replaced David Seltzer as chair, and current board member Emily Greer moved into the vice chair position.
I spoke with Raudasoja, a game consultant and community developer based in Finland, about this change. Raudasoja said it will be good for the IGDA to further recognize that gaming has become a huge international industry. He helped grow the IGDA Finland into more than 1,700 members and 12 hubs.
He is also a board member and evangelist with the Finnish Game Jam Association as well as co-founder of Devs.tv. I talked with Raudasoja about the change and the significance of having a non-U.S. chair.
Here’s an edited transcript of our interview.
Above: Vesa Raudasoja is the new chair of the board of the IGDA.
 Where do I start? Of course it’s an honor that the board has the confidence to choose me as chairman. I’ve been working with the IGDA for 12 years. It’s been a great career, if you can call it that exactly, with the IGDA. I’m the first chairman to come from outside of North America. I’ve been getting a lot of positive messages on that side.
 We are an international organization. We have roughly 150 chapters around the world. The chairmen have mostly been from the U.S. and Canada, though, and North America can feel very far away if you’re looking from Europe, Australia, or Asia. Now, I think that having a chairman from outside that region will bring an international spotlight. At times it’s been said that the IGDA is very North America-centric. This proves that we’re really international. Everyone has an opportunity, around the globe, to join the board, to become chairman, to bring an international perspective.
 The IGDA is doing a good job in many fields, but my personal agenda has been always the international part, working together to collect chapters and people across different countries. That’s what I’ve been trying to bring in my work on the board of directors, the perspective of small countries like Finland, and the European side in general.
In Finland we have a very tight community. We believe in working together, exchanging information and experience. Those are the qualities I want to promote on other topics that the IGDA stands for — helping people with their careers and studies and becoming better game developers.
 Finland, at the moment, is home to our most active chapter. We have roughly 1,700 paid members. We have about 6 million people in the whole country, and the game industry altogether is about 3,000 professionals. Of course, there are also a lot of hobbyists and students. But we’re proud that the IGDA covers more than half of the industry.
We’ve been working hard on that case, starting more than 15 years back. We started quite small. Of course, the whole industry was very small back then. But now we have 12 different cities where monthly IGDA activities are happening. In Finland, people have an idea of what the IGDA is for. It’s very well-liked here. It’s fun to work in a case like this, with a lot of awesome people working around you. It’s been an interesting ride.
 Different chapters get bigger or smaller as people move around. From the Finnish perspective, though, it’s growing. At the moment we have a lot of really talented people working on the board and a strong staff doing a lot of work to gather more members. Membership is on the rise, bit by bit.
Above: Jen MacLean is permanent executive director of the IGDA.
 Yes, of course. That’s a key thing we do. I can’t remember, at this instant, what’s up and coming on our specific program. But we have good relations with the industry at large. It’s easy for us to get answers from game developers across the world. We’ll have more reports in the future.
 Speaking from a bit of the Finnish perspective again, when you have a good cause — working together, sharing information, meeting new friends and colleagues, what I consider the heart of the IGDA — it’s not so necessary to offer things like discounts, things that are more concrete. It’s more about getting people together. When the positive vibe is spreading and people are seeing things like what’s happened in Finland, the work we’re doing, they want to be part of that flow. This might sound a bit optimistic at a high level, but I’m optimistic by nature. [laughs]
Community is something that stays. It’s a kind of home base. If people feel at home with their development community, they’ll want to support it. This is voluntary work. We’re not being paid. It can only happen because there are people around who believe in that cause.
 I’m still working on that. At the moment I don’t have a strong personal view, but I’m looking forward to working with Jen and the board on the topic. It’s a global topic, and in some places it’s more and more in the news. We’re working with individual developers, and we hope to be able to make a statement on things that matter.
Above: Game industry map
 Of course, diversity is important, that we can have people from all around the world who want to work on games working on games. We’re working in heavily on that topic, to continue trying to balance out the industry and making sure that everyone who wants to work there has the same opportunities.
 Nothing major. We both have been in the industry for a while, more than 10 years. I’ve been at smaller companies, closer to the indie development side. Time will show if we have very different views, but I think our basic principles–we’re on the same level on many things. I’ve only just stepped into his boots, so we’ll see how it goes.
 I hadn’t had a chance to work with Kate that long. I was a newcomer on the board and there was a lot for me to learn. But I’ve worked a lot more with Jen. I’ve had chances to visit the United States for GDC and the IGDA leadership summit. I really like what Jen is doing. She’s doing very good work. She’s the right person for the job, representing the organization globally. She’s internationally recognized, an authority on game development across many countries.
 Spreading the message of what we do and keeping up communication. There are a lot of great things happening in the IGDA, in all 150 chapters. In many places chapters are doing great work for their local communities, or on an even bigger scale. I’d like to see and hear more people recognized from our small chapters and interest groups and bring that message forward. We also want to grow the organization, and growth can come from that effort naturally.
Cooperation across borders and continents is always on our minds. We live in a global world. People in the industry can move from country to country and continent to continent pretty easily and we want to promote that.
More and more important topics are coming out where we’ll make our statements and express our opinions, our views. Equality and diversity are still important to us. The world isn’t perfect, even in 2018. Many cultures and countries may do things differently, but we see game development as something that can bring people together. We can learn from different chapters and different people in different countries and different cultures, all the uniqueness in our local communities.
Above: Game developers around the world.
 I can definitely show you a hot spot in Helsinki. [laughs] That’s also an interest of mine, looking for the countries that aren’t at a high level all the time like Europe and North America and Japan and so on. Looking at places like Africa, South America, and India. Eastern Europe as well — it has a game industry happening that’s rarely seen in global media — and parts of Asia that you wouldn’t expect. If the game industry is growing somewhere and they’d like to have a bigger community happening, we want to be there encouraging them to join the IGDA, to join this global family. We share our experience around how to help build community.
This isn’t a new program, but we’ve taken 15 chapters to focus on for the upcoming year. We want to put extra effort into helping them. Five of them are in the U.S. and the others are outside that region. I’ve been traveling around the world pretty actively for a few years now, meeting people from all over the place.
 I mentioned earlier on that game development is something that brings us together. There are similar issues in making almost any game. Depending on whether you’re in the big city or the countryside, you might have some different problems around things like finding quality talent. But the core mechanics, a lot of them are the same. And game developers are awesome people wherever you go. Whether I’m talking to people at an IGDA chapter in Japan or in Switzerland or the U.S. — it’s a creative industry in so many ways, and that gives people a certain mindset on how they look at life and look at their projects.
, co-creator of 
, has teased a new game. OK, well, he has teased something.
In a message on Saturday evening, Romero Games sent out an email that said, “Prepare for 5.” I have no idea what this means. But he has my attention. Romero even 
 his tease.
I don’t think it’s related to Doom, as id Software still owns that property, and it is preparing its own games for that franchise — like 
. Romero’s own Romero Games, based in Galway, Ireland, has been making a variety of other games lately, and they have had nothing to do with Doom.
Above: Doom is 25 years old.
Here’s the teaser.
25 years ago DOOM was released on December 10th.

To celebrate this momentous occasion, Romero Games will announce pre-orders for a project John Romero just completed.
If you have been following John Romero’s Instagram @theromero you would have seen the hints. What looked like a countdown to Doom’s birthday became suddenly mysterious.
You’ll receive another email on Monday announcing this new project, and have the opportunity to pre-order it.
Ever wanted to wield the power of a Jedi inside VR? This new system from Virginia Tech researchers lets you do just that.
Force Push is a new object manipulation system for VR being worked on at the institution’s College of Engineering. It uses hand-tracking (namely a Leap Motion sensor fitted to the front of the Oculus Rift) to allow users to push, pull and rotate virtual objects from a distance, just like a Skywalker would. Run Yu, Ph.D. Candidate in the Department of Computer Science, and Professor Doug Bowman have been working on it for some time, as can be seen in the video below. The pair’s research was 
.
As the footage shows, objects are moved simply by gesturing in the way you want them to go. Motion towards yourself to bring an item closer towards you, flick your hand up to raise it off of the ground and, of course, push your hand outwards to have it shoot off into the distance. You can even raise your index finger and make a rotating motion to turn the object around.
It’s a pretty cool system, though we’d like to see it working without the repeated gestures. Hand-tracking itself is some ways out from full implementation inside VR headsets, but laying groundwork such as this will help make it a more natural fit if and when it does get here.
“There is still much to learn about object translation via gesture, such as how to find the most effective gesture-to-force mapping in this one case (mapping functions, parameters, gesture features, etc.),” the pair wrote in their report. “We plan to continue searching for improved transfer functions from the gesture features to the physics simulation. Further evaluation of Force Push will focus on more ecologically valid scenarios involving full 3D manipulation.”
Now if only we could use this is an actual Star Wars VR game?
.
Anyone who reads Fortune or follows Crunchbase News on Twitter has heard about the “supergiant” funding rounds of today’s venture capital landscape — SoftBank and other mega-funds betting hundreds of millions, even billions, on relatively new companies.
It stands that this phenomenon has altered startup funding across the spectrum. Indeed, an 
 conducted by TechCrunch earlier this year showed that the average size of both seed and series A rounds have grown by over 100 percent over the past decade.
This is creating an “increasingly wider chasm for founders to cross,” according to 
, general partner at Atlanta-based 
. Dorman, along with general partner 
, just completed a second fundraising close for Knoll’s inaugural fund, bringing it to just over $24 million.
Though not a huge fund in comparison with many of today’s venture firms, the Knoll team’s thesis is different enough that it occupies a space often left empty, especially in less capital-rich regions.
Knoll focuses on B2B technology startups 
 beyond the seed stage. In this phase of a company’s life, many founders are focused on building client pipelines and partnerships that will demonstrate traction to investors when they go to raise that much more significant series A.
But in the meantime, they often need additional cash on hand to push them through. That’s where Knoll will step in.
Fraim says they plan to do 10 to 12 post-seed deals over the next two to three years. They’ve already started with their first investment in 
, a supplier management software company. The $7.4 million funding round was led by Atlanta-based Fulcrum Equity Partners, a slightly later-stage venture firm.
“That’s a great example of the kind of companies we’re interested in — a post-seed stage business with arms-length customer traction and a clear growth strategy,” says Dorman.
Knoll will also invest in another 8 or 10 of what they’re calling “seed-and-feed” deals — earlier-stage companies with “promising founders chasing big market opportunities,” according to Dorman. For example, Knoll was a contributor, along with seed-stage firm 
, to sustainable building platform Cove.Tool’s 
.
“The team at Knoll are trusted, have a standing commitment to our community and are filling a much needed funding gap for our companies,” 
, partner at BLH Ventures and an active angel investor, tells Hypepotamus. Mistry is an LP in Knoll’s fund.
“Their ability to take the baton from angels, add value, and collaborate with upstream capital sources makes them unique,” Mistry says.
Another backer is 
, the state’s fund-of-funds that invests taxpayer dollars into local venture capital and private equity firms to stimulate economic growth. 
, Invest Georgia’s executive director, explains that part of his charge is not only to support new funds, but also new fund managers like Dorman and Fraim.
“Early-stage startup companies get the bulk of help and attention in many communities, but an early realization for Invest Georgia was that first-time venture partners in new funds also need a network of resources,” Massey says.
“Invest Georgia can do this through our other Georgia-based portfolio venture funds, our BOD, and through the knowledge we have gained about the venture community during the last four years of operations.”
Dorman and Fraim both formerly led investments at different family offices, but this is their first venture fund.
Responsibly applied artificial intelligence (AI) has the potential to solve some of the world’s toughest challenges. One needn’t look further for evidence then the winners of this week’s 
, which included a Montreal startup — Aifred Health — developing a model that helps clinicians choose personalized patient treatment programs. In related news, just this past Sunday, Google subsidiary DeepMind unveiled AlphaFold, AI that can predict protein folding more accurately than any system before it.
 is another burgeoning area of what’s been coined “AI for good” research, and one which Montreal startup Stradigi AI is committed to advancing with a new tool for the deaf and hearing impaired. At the 
 conference in Montreal this week, the four-year-old startup — which its two cofounders, Carolina Bessega and Jaime Camacaro, pivoted from software development to AI research in 2016 — demoed a game that uses computer vision to help people learn American Sign Language (ASL).
The ASL Alphabet Game, as it’s self-descriptively called, was produced in partnership with the Deaf Anglo Literacy Center (DALC), a Montreal organization that seeks to provide basic literacy and communication skills to the deaf. For every person at the conference who took it for a whirl — 900 in all by Friday — Stradigi donated $10 to DALC.
“There are so many people asking how AI can contribute positively [to society],” she told VentureBeat in an interview at NeurIPS. “We thought this would be a good way to show how it could really make a difference.”
It’s sort of like Simon Says, albeit only with hands and involving strictly sign language. Players earn points for imitating the 26 letters of the alphabet in American Sign Language (ALS), which convolutional neural networks trained on a collection of more than 100,000 images classify in near-real time. (Convolutional neural nets are a class of deep neural networks commonly applied to visualizing imagery.)
Videos from which the images were collected were chosen carefully to minimize bias. As Bessega, who has a Ph.D. in fundamental physics and previously served as program coordinator at the Venezuelan Science and Technology Ministry, explained, a neural net trained on an unrepresentative dataset would have had trouble recognizing signs made by people of certain ethnic groups, or with long fingers and large jewelry.
Pose estimation is performed by a three-stage CNN, which takes into account the join locations of hands as they’re positioned in front of a webcam. The model passes along cropped images to a second neural net for classification — one that produces heat maps with increasingly refined estimates for a player’s gesticulations.
The AI system is 99.03 percent accurate at correctly identifying ASL letters, Bessega said. That’s about half a percentage point better than Google’s pretrained Inception V4 managed in the company’s tests (98.50 percent), and nearly two percent better than the popular Xception algorithm (97.37 percent).
The whole stack took about a month and a half to develop, Bessega said, with the participation of Stradigi AI’s entire workforce — not only its d of 30 researchers, but its graphic designers and software engineers, too.
“It was mandatory for everybody,” she explained, “but they were enthusiastic about it.”
Bessega made it clear that Stradigi’s core focus will remain custom AI applications for enterprise clients — the company’s delivered more than 15 bespoke solutions in the last year, she said — but said that nonprofit and philanthropic work will become a larger part of its project slate going forward.
In that way, Stradigi’s following in the footsteps of tech giants like Microsoft, which committed 
 to its AI for Accessibility program in May with the goal of “[helping] people with disabilities with work, life, and human connections.” Google subsidiary DeepMind is using AI to generate 
 for deaf users., meanwhile. And chipmaker Intel recently supported 
, a startup working on a wheelchair that enables riders to navigate with facial expressions, through its AI for Social Good initiative.
“We’re very much a commercial entity, but our goal is to keep at least one ‘AI for good’ project in parallel we’re working on,” Bessega said.
One of those projects is an AI system that one day might aid patients prone to debilitating seizures by providing early warning. The dream, Bessega said, is to develop a wearable device that alerts wearers at least five minutes before an episode occurs.”
“We’re working with a Montreal hospital [on it],” she said. “It would allow these patients to lead a normal life.”
Sam Mathews and Anne Mathews founded 
 as one of the pioneering 
 organizations in 2004. Over 14 years, its teams have competed in over 25 games, and its League of Legends squad recently placed second in the world championships, making it the most successful Western esports team in that game. That final match was viewed by more than 200 million people, including 50,000 who watched in a big stadium.
Besides League of Legends, the organization has 10 other teams competing in games such as Counter-Strike, Dota 2, and Heroes of the Storm. And the company has taken its expertise in esports and used it to design its own 
 brand of gaming hardware accessories, from headphones to keyboards and mice.
That makes it a standout in esports, a market that’s booming now and is expected to reach $1.7 billion in revenues and 250 million enthusiast viewers by 2021, according to market researcher 
. Fnatic 
 in 2017 from investors that included Boston Celtics ownership organization Raptor Group, MIT Media Lab director Joi Ito, Fractal Design chief executive Hannes Wallin, and Hersh Interactive Group.
Above: Fnatic draws big crowds.
Fnatic teams have claimed $8 million in prizes and multiple international championships including the inaugural League of Legends World Championship, seven EU LCS Championships and three separate CS:GO Majors. Based in London, Fnatic has 80 employees and 45 players.
Fnatic also published a book with Penguin Random House named 
, and it created BUNKR, the world’s first esports concept store, in the heart of London’s popular Shoreditch neighborhood.
Here’s an edited transcript of our interview.
Above: Sam Mathews is founder of Fnatic.
 We have 11 teams and won $8 million in prizes over the years. We have 80 people on staff and around 125 with our team members. We’re a global team with branches in Southeast Asia, London, Berlin, Los Angeles, and Australia. In 2015, we did an acquisition and moved into esports equipment. We are in hundreds of Best Buy Stores with our Gear brand.
We also do our own research and development for esports hardware, we have a large content and marketing team, and 10 million followers on different channels of social media. We produce a lot of content every day. We employ a lot of people, including a chef for one of the teams. It’s very much like a big traditional sports team. 
 our value was $120 million.
Mathews: As a whole, definitely not. They are investing. In the last two years, a bunch of investors have come in. But everybody has bought into the fact this is one of the major forms of entertainment. Video games aren’t going away. Everyone is growing revenue quickly, at 50 percent rates or sometimes higher.
We were profitable for seven or eight years. We moved into a startup mode three years ago, moved into hardware, and are working to build and scale the business. We’ve raised around $9 million to date. We may do another round next year.
A lot of what we’re doing is developing the whole platform, that marketing capability, and PR to some extent. Mostly it’s content writers, video editors, a lot of the content team, and the events team as well. We do about 30 or 40 events a year.
All of that marketing capability is supporting Gear, but it’s also going into our partnerships team. If you think about what’s happened in the last two years, every brand is suddenly waking up to esports. Today alone we announced a partnership with EE, the English network. We’re going to be doing a Clash Royale tournament with them.
We’re upping our capabilities, and at the same time, player salaries are rising. The facilities we’re building and the innovation–we’re also buying into franchise slots. It’s not a secret that the European LCS is franchising. That’s an 8 million euro buy-in. There’s also money going into buying these long-term–like the NFL or NBA or whatever, you have to buy a franchise spot. Obviously it’s a lot less than those, but it’s still a permanent ride.
 We haven’t gone into the Overwatch League yet. We’ve explored it on numerous occasions. It’s very interesting. We keep a keen eye on it. The number one reason we didn’t go in originally was just because it’s not with the Fnatic brand. As I said, we’re very focused on trying to represent this audience. To do that we have to be Fnatic, not some other new name. We weren’t set up to do that then. But we’re considering it in the future as another part of our operations.
 Exactly. The buy-in gets higher and therefore we need to see more transparency on the revenues. I do know they’ve done pretty well from a revenue perspective. I don’t know if that’s enough to justify the buy-in, but it’s significant progress. Everybody is happy with the progress so far.
 Right. There’s already been articles. I don’t have any official numbers. I don’t have access to their financials. There are lots of rumors, but there’s also the fact that–there’s the Twitch deal, which was something like a $90 million deal over two years, and then they’ve announced partnerships with Toyota and HP and some other big brands. Rumors are in the $100-150 million range as far as revenue, based on the deals they’ve managed to pull in.
 Just to give an idea, prize money’s contribution to our revenues is less than 10 percent. We keep a portion of that and give it to the players. It’s a miniscule part of our business. The main revenues are coming from league participation. You get money for playing in different games, whether that’s from broadcasting rights or anything else. You get revenue shares in some games. Sponsorships are the second major way we get revenues, and then third is products.
Products are things like apparel. We do quite a lot of things like clothing and other merchandise. And then our hardware, which is the fastest-growing segment right now. We launched in 2015, and we’re now in Best Buy and Korea and different places. We think that esports equipment is going to be here for a long time, and we think it’s not being done the way players want, and that ultimately the community wants. There’s too much fluff. We want to focus on the core of what people want, and that’s why Best Buy came to us.
If you’ve already imagined how profoundly self-driving vehicles will change our lives, think of what self-driving companies could do. I’m talking about self-executing enterprise software that, when mature, could enable businesses to virtually run themselves. Autonomous companies may be less sexy than autonomous cars, but their impact on society will be just as significant.
Autonomous vehicle systems are 
. For example, Tesla’s Autopilot, which requires drivers to keep at least one hand on the steering wheel, is Level 2. To borrow this scale, today’s business software would rank somewhere between zero and one — the power-steering stage, let’s call it. Most current B2B software is workflow-based; that is, software that helps organize and facilitate routinized tasks. Salesforce, the cloud computing company, for example, is largely a workflow-driven software solution. To get paid, sales reps of enterprises using Salesforce have to input their activities, which allows supervisors to monitor their work and manage the sales pipeline more efficiently.
This type of business software has unlocked enormous productivity, and most multi-billion-dollar B2B-software companies today are some form of workflow solution. Over the next decade, I believe that these impressive results will be dwarfed by the value created when 
 attain Level 4/5 autonomy. And as technology supplants human performance, the very way we think about work will shift from machines assisting humans to humans assisting machines.
Let’s imagine an AI-enabled, 
 of Salesforce. Sales activity would be input automatically. Even more powerfully, the system would source and prioritize leads that have a high likelihood of closing; it would draft correspondence for these leads; it would even reach out to them via the most appropriate channels (chat, email, etc.). Salesforce.ai would then go back and forth with these potential customers to drive them through the sales funnel, engaging a human agent only when the machine is uncertain or it’s time to take a prospect out to dinner.
It’s hard to overstate how transformative this would be for the company. If Salesforce’s software could find, prioritize, and reach out to leads without human effort and predict which leads are most likely to close, its utility to customers would increase by orders of magnitude. So much so that it might even be more profitable for Salesforce to shift business models from its current subscription-based fee to charging a percentage of new revenues generated for its customers. It would be such a game-changer that it’s difficult to see how non-autonomous companies could compete with a self-driving Salesforce or NetSuite or SAP.
We’re all drowning in data these days. For me, it’s everything from thousands of selfies with my two cats to hundreds of hours of uneventful video footage captured by my Nest cam. But what matters to businesses is meaningful, exclusive data. Whether a company will be able to make the leap to becoming an autonomous enterprise is contingent on one non-negotiable factor: access to high-quality, 
data.
A proprietary data set is one that meets at least one of the three following criteria:
So far so good … for Facebook, LinkedIn, or Salesforce. But will our future robot overlords simply be software upgrades of our current corporate overlords? How do companies that aren’t tech giants compete? As someone who, in my day job as an investor, has met hundreds of enterprise-software companies and worked closely with several, I have three pieces of advice for AI-aspirational startups:
 
B2B founders understand that one of the biggest hurdles to developing AI-enabled business applications is acquiring their own proprietary data set. But some over-realize this challenge. Some AI startups expect to just conduct data collection for their initial lifecycle. Or they plan to pilot with a customer that will share its data but won’t receive anything in return until the AI is trained in six months to a year.
In other words, they’re so focused on amassing their data asset or differentiating themselves as an “AI company” that they lose sight of the fact that in order to build a data-first business, you have to build a business, 
! An AI-enterprise startup — like any startup — must deliver a product with a compelling business use case and provide significant incremental value for its first customer on Day One.
2. 
 Each enterprise customer that you acquire will contribute its data. Your proprietary data set should become more robust with each of these additional data contributions, because they further train your AI model. In other words, build a product and a company to harness the network effects of growth.
Take Mya Systems, an AI-powered recruiter in which I’m an investor. Mya’s initial customer was an English-speaking business in the industrial manufacturing space. For this first customer, Mya’s AI had to be taught basic manufacturing jargon. A subsequent customer in industrial manufacturing was Francophone, so Mya’s model had to learn French. But it didn’t need to be retaught manufacturing jargon. And now, Mya’s bilingual conversational AI can communicate with all existing and future customers in English and French — at least on topics in industrial manufacturing.
Network effects allow for the information and experience of one customer to result in a better solution for all customers.
Ideally, a B2B AI startup would also build a solution that gets its customers to do work for them. That is, design your product to incorporate constant feedback from customers in order to further sculpt your AI algorithm.
For example, Teamable, another AI-recruiting startup, uses machine learning and social networks to drive job referrals. It works with companies like Lyft and Spotify. Teamable shows Employee X of one such company a job and asks her if she thinks the role would be a good fit for a particular friend of hers. When Employee X indicates yes or no, she essentially becomes a mechanical turk for Teamable by helping to build a data set with proprietary weights, which trains the algorithm. The idea is that, as the AI learns, Teamable’s model will become a better prediction engine for which candidates will match which jobs. Over time, as its software grows increasingly autonomous, the business will become increasingly self-regulating and self-perpetuating. And, eventually, the company will drive itself.
But we’re not there yet; we’re only at the power-steering stage. We still need genius gearheads and Fast & Furious drivers — i.e., entrepreneurs — to get us over the finish line. But they have the map, fuel source, and keys to the enterprise of the future — the autonomous enterprise. All that’s left to say is, ladies and gentlemen, start your engines.
Businesses always have plenty to worry about in Q4 without adding anything new to the agenda. It’s unfortunate timing then that this January marks the first time many companies will be reporting their revenues in the wake of one of the biggest changes to filing financial statements in years: ASC 606.
As your business seeks to finish the year strong, here’s why you need to keep ASC 606 at the top of your priority list.
“ASC 606” is shorthand for Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) of the FASB’s (Financial Accounting Standards Board) Accounting Standards Codification, the official source for U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (US GAAP). Compliance is mandatory for public and private companies that report financial statements under US GAAP.
ASC 606 completely overhauls the standards for revenue recognition, providing guidance in determining when and how much revenue to recognize from contracts with customers. ASC 606 outlines a principal-based, five-step model that businesses should follow to determine revenue recognition:
ASC 606 applies to all contracts with customers except for transactions specifically addressed elsewhere in the ASC (such as lease contracts, insurance contracts, financial instruments and guarantees). Most companies in the software industry will be significantly impacted by the update, whether it changes the amount of revenue recognized and in turn, the valuation of the Company, or the increased burden associated with new disclosures to investors.
Previous US GAAP comprised various revenue recognition concepts together with numerous revenue requirements for particular industries or transactions, which sometimes resulted in different accounting for similar transactions. Most technology companies resorted to industry specific guides, which leveraged interpretations and guidance from various sources. With varying industries using different methodologies for recognizing arguably one of the most important measurements of a company’s financial success, US GAAP was in dire need of an overhaul.
Additionally, the old standards were a “rule-based” model, which often resulted in revenue that did not match the economics of a transaction. ASC 606 is a “principle-based” model, which requires significantly more judgment in its application, but the result is expected to be revenue that fits the economics of the transaction.
ASC 606 was first announced in May 2014 as a joint effort with International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) to develop common revenue standards that would remove inconsistencies in practice and improve comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities, industries and countries.
Public entities have had to follow the standards for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. But now, more than four years later, all businesses reporting under US GAAP will have to report revenue under ASC 606 for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018.
From our experience, here are three big issues that upcoming technology adopters should be aware of.
Many technology companies sell packages of hardware, software and support, which was termed a “multiple-element arrangement” under legacy accounting rules. Companies ran into significant hurdles separating the software or license component from the post-contract support element, which led technology companies to defer revenue and recognize it periodically under a 
 instead of upfront recognition upon the sale. ASC 606 is moving away from this model, which could significantly impact the valuation of your company. After the performance obligations are identified and the transaction price has been determined, guidance requires you to allocate the transaction price to the various performance obligations in proportion to their standalone selling prices. The new guidance under ASC 606 expects that the preparers of financial statements will be able to determine the standalone selling price through three different approaches: the adjusted market assessment approach, expected cost plus margin approach, and the residual approach. This model often leads technology companies to recognize more revenue upfront for significant deliverables along with significantly more effort in the implementation.
 The determination of whether to recognize revenue over time or at a point in time can be complex in the technology space, and often contracts have distinct performance obligations within the contract that are recognized according to differing patterns. Software companies in particular, need to assess whether they are providing the right to use or the right to access their intellectual property. For most, this is determining whether you are selling a perpetual license or offering software under a software as a service model (SaaS), but it can require significant judgment depending on the circumstances. The impact of the guidance is not necessarily in the numbers but rather in the increased burden of disclosures you’ll need to make to your investors or creditors. Revenue disclosure requirements were quite minimal before ASC 606, which now requires revenue to be disaggregated to the point where the reader can understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenues and cash flow for each unique revenue stream. Private companies are fortunate in that they can elect to omit certain quantitative information, but the requirement to disaggregate revenue based on the timing of recognition will apply to all companies.
 Under prior GAAP, the costs of fulfilling a contract and costs associated with customer acquisition, such as sales commissions and setup costs, were normally expensed when they were incurred, unless other specific guidance concluded such costs met the definition of an asset, or an election was made. Under ASC 606, however, incremental costs of obtaining a contract must be recognized as an asset if the entity expects to recover those costs. These incremental costs include commissions, direct labor for employees who provide promised services, insurance, and depreciation of equipment used to fulfill the contract and written off when the related revenue is recognized. Determining how to recognize these incremental costs can become quite complex, depending on the expected duration of the customer relationship and whether contracts are frequently modified. Sales commissions can no longer be expensed at the point at which they are incurred, which for some companies poses drastic implementation issues.
ASC 606 will significantly impact not just to your accounting and finance department but also your systems, human resource policies, product road maps, and perhaps how you write your contracts with customers in the first place. If you do not currently have a plan for implementation, the time to act is now.
The United States Army awarded a $480 million contract to Microsoft that will equip military personnel with prototype versions of HoloLens intended to increase “lethality, mobility, and situational awareness.”
HoloLens is an all-in-one augmented reality headset from Microsoft which first shipped in 2016 for $3,000. Its robust tracking system constantly maps the world while overlaying digital objects into the central area of its wearer’s vision. While HoloLens isn’t great for immersive games like Rift, Vive or PSVR headsets that take you to another world, its wireless design, high quality tracking of the real world and high price mean the system is ideal for entirely different use cases. As seen above, it’s been used on the International Space Station and NASA used it to 
 long before they make the trip to Mars. A few developers have also tried carving out a niche building on the headset by delivering applications to companies for internal use.
With the U.S. Army and its $480 million award for an “Integrated Visual Augmentation System,” the plan is to procure “approximately two thousand five hundred & fifty IVAS prototypes (to include hardware, software, and the associated interface control documentation) in four increments or “capability sets”.
“Augmented reality technology will provide troops with more and better information to make decisions,” a statement from Microsoft reads. “This new work extends our longstanding, trusted relationship with the Department of Defense to this new area.”
 suggests the award could eventually lead the military to purchase more than 100,000 headsets from Microsoft.
You can check out 
 on the Federal Business Opportunities website which outline the overall aims of the Army program. I’ve uploaded the “
” which was posted in August, which outlines the scope and aim of the program.
“Current and future battles will be fought with small distributed formations in urban and subterranean environments where current capabilities are not sufficient, a recognized training capability gap the Government has sought to fill since 2009. The IVAS will address this shortfall by providing increased sets and repetitions in complex environments,” the document reads. “Soldier lethality will be vastly improved through cognitive training and advanced sensors, enabling squads to be first to detect, decide, and engage.”
.
Thanks to an almost limitless demand for great-looking web pages, captivating photos, and engaging user interfaces, there’s never been a better time to work as a graphic designer. Companies across practically every industry are scrambling to hire talented and trained creative professionals who can bring their ideas and products to life, and they’re paying these artists handsomely for their work.
But if you want to be competitive in the field, you need to have a thorough understanding of the industry’s most important tools. The 
 will get you up and running with arguably the most relied-upon programs in the world of graphic design, you can pick it up today for just 29, saving over 95 percent.
Whether you’re already an experienced graphic design professional who wants to become more aquatinted with the all-powerful 
 or an industry novice who wants to start off on the right foot, this bundle can help you both jumpstart and further your career.
Through seven courses and over 240 lessons led by industry experts, this instruction walks you through both the basics and more advanced elements of Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Flash, After Effects, and Premiere Pro.
You’ll learn how to create and professionally enhance photos in any environment, create incredibly realistic and compelling illustrations and designs, craft everything from flyers and posters to business cards and beyond, use Flash in order to build animation projects like short films and commercials from scratch, and much more.
There’s even an entire course dedicated to teaching you about animation — through lessons that help you explore 2D, stop motion, and motion media.
Get the skills you need to become a professional graphic designer with the Complete Adobe CC Training Bundle while it’s available for over 95 percent off at 
.
If 2017 was the year of dockless bike-sharing, then 2018 was the year that ushered in an entirely new era for tech-infused personal mobility startups.
Throughout last year, dueling Chinese bike-sharing companies Ofo and Mobike scrambled to corner a burgeoning market 
 
 
 to deposit bright-colored bicycles in 
.
Fast-forward to 2018, and things don’t look quite so “bright” — Ofo is now 
, while Mobike has its own challenges 
 and 
. This isn’t to say that dockless bike-sharing is going the way of the dodo — far from it — it just means that a more measured approach will be required when entering new markets. Working 
 cities will be integral to longer term success, rather than fighting with rivals to push as many bikes on a city as possible.
But what we’ve seen in 2018 is a marked evolution in the personal mobility realm, with more form factors, integrations, infrastructure, and investment thrown at the chase. One of the big trends was a shift into electrified transport, with a particular focus on electric scooters.
It’s actually difficult keeping tabs on what companies operate where and what services they offer, so here we take a brief look back at some of the developments in the personal mobility industry. One thing seems evident on first glance — four-letter nomenclatures are popular:  “Lime,” “Bird,” “Spin,” “Jump,” “Skip.”
Above: Lime-E
San Francisco-based LimeBike 
 as “Lime” this year as it sought to emphasize its expansion into electric scooters, while it also 
 to its armory and spread its wings 
. Behind all of this was more than $400 million in fresh funding that 
 Uber and Alphabet’s VC arm GV.
Elsewhere, Santa Monica’s Bird also raised in the region of $400 million this year to expand its electrical scooter rental service, with Bird 
 in a number of European markets.
San Francisco e-scooter startup Spin had only raised a modest $8 million, and that was last year — however, its minimal venture investment was probably one reason why Ford 
 for a reported $100 million last month.
Over on the East Coast, New York-based Jump Bikes 
 to grow its pedal-assisted electric bikes, before 
 to buy the startup outright. Under Uber’s stewardship, Jump dropped the “Bikes” from its name and 
, but what was perhaps most notable about Jump’s expansion in 2018 was its move to invest in infrastructure.
Unlike the dockless bike-sharing efforts of Ofo and Mobike, electrified transport requires charging, which adds an extra obstacle to managing such services. That is why 
 in one market as part of a broader sustainable mobility push that includes a $10 million fund.
Above: Jump charging stations
“Just as personal car ownership had a fundamental impact on mobility in the last century, new forms of transportation are spurring another revolution — one that comes with its own set of challenges and opportunities,” Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi said at the time. “Today, we’re at an inflection point: when the private and public sectors need to come together and collaborate on ways to create smarter, safer and more efficient ways of getting people from A to B.”
Earlier this week, Uber 
 are coming to Jump e-bikes, including phone mounts, QR codes for easy unlocking, and swappable batteries — this effectively means that rather than having a team of staff manually collect dead bikes to charge at the depot, they can replace batteries on the spot in minutes.
It’s also worth highlighting Uber’s big rival in the U.S. ride-sharing space. In July, 
 Brooklyn-based Motivate to add bike-sharing to its offering, while it too later 
.
All the aforementioned companies share a common goal: to fill the so-called “last-mile” gap in cities’ core transport infrastructure. Getting to and from bus stops and train stations, in other words, or between two locations that are more easily served on mobile transport.
“The Lyft app will be unique in its emphasis and ability to bridge the first and last-mile gap,” Lyft cofounder John Zimmer 
. “Soon you will be able to get real-time transit information, plan a multi-modal trip, and use Lyft bikes and scooters to connect to a local transit stop or shared ride pickup location.”
This trend isn’t unique to U.S. companies. Over in Europe, Dutch startup Dott last week 
 for its durable electric scooters and bikes. And Sweden’s Voi recently 
 to continue expanding its electric scooters to more cities across Europe. Part of its sales pitch is about working in close tandem with local jurisdictions — basically, not pissing off authorities or citizens like Ofo and Mobike managed to do.
“As a Scandinavian and European company, our approach is one based on dialogue and transparency,” noted Voi CEO Fredrik Hjelm. “We strongly believe that using city streets and infrastructure to do business cannot be done without the full cooperation — and support — of the host city concerned.”
Above: Voi e-scooter
And let’s not forget about electric skateboards.
Founded in 2012, Mountain View-based Boosted has launched a range of 
. But yesterday, Boosted announced it had 
 to expand into “new form factors,” though it didn’t outline what kind of new products it was pursuing — a betting person would put most of their money on electric scooters, though. Indeed, just last month Boosted’s electric skateboard rival Inboard 
.
As an aside here, former Boosted CEO and cofounder Sanjay Dastoor 
 to launch an e-scooter startup called Skip, which recently 
 debt round, in addition to a $25 million equity round in the summer.
The world, it seems, is being overtaken by scooters.
The year 2019 also heralded some interesting developments in the world of transport apps, which helped to highlight how technology is beginning to 
.
Popular city transit app Citymapper 
, called Smart Ride, which leverages the company’s trove of urban mobility data to observe how users travel around a city — and then identify where could be better served by public transport. The previous year, the company had laid the foundations for that by launching its first 
, but local bus regulation in London had stymied the company from altering its routes based on real-time data. To circumvent regulations, Citymapper instead focused on smaller eight-seater vehicles — which are not buses in the eyes of the law. They work on a fixed network with dedicated stops, similar to a bus, with the freedom to deviate if Citymapper data dictates so. However, the kicker was that unlike a bus, you can book a seat through the Citymapper app — like a taxi.
This setup is part of a trend.
Back in 2017, Lyft drew ridicule when it 
 with its Lyft Shuttle service that offered fixed routes and fares. One year later, Uber 
 Uber Express Pool, which is similar to its existing UberPool ride-sharing service, except Express Pool doesn’t offer a precise door-to-door service. Instead, Uber works out the best route that runs near a bunch of people wishing to share a ride, meaning some individuals may have to walk several blocks to get their ride. It’s kind of like a cross between a bus and a taxi.
The Uber app also now offers transport options other than cars, with 
. Citymapper, too, 
, meaning users can now figure out the best route from A to B using more options — a mix of bus, train, walking, and scooters might be the optimum way.
Above: Citymapper – London
To see what’s hot in any industry, follow the money. The year 2018 saw some huge investments into e-bike and e-scooter companies, and this will ultimately culminate in some major market rollouts and expansions in 2019 and beyond. This year was really just a warm-up.
However, with so many companies competing for the same customers, we will also likely see significant consolidation. Uber is 
 to bolster its last-mile ambitions, and don’t be surprised if mergers and acquisitions permeate the personal mobility industry next year.
You don’t need to be a professional producer or hardcore audiophile in order to appreciate a truly great pair of over-ear headphones. Although earbuds tend to be all the rage among casual listeners due primarily to the fact that they come with some of the world’s most popular audio gadgets and smartphones, they’re simply no match for a great pair of over-ear headphones, which almost always deliver superior sonics and a more comfortable fit.
These 
 boast not only amazing sonics and clarity, but also an incredibly comfortable design that won’t lead to discomfort during prolonged listening sessions. And, right now they’re available for 50 percent off their usual price at just $74.99 for a limited time.
Noise-cancelling headphones have understandably become popular among on-the-go listeners who want to block out distractions while they’re traveling or 
, and these headphones don’t disappoint. With state-of-the-art noise cancellation technology, you’ll be able to listen to your music the way it was meant to be heard — thanks to a CSR chipset with multiple microphones that actively eliminate ambient noise.
But, most importantly, these headphones sound fantastic. They feature two 40mm Neodymium drivers that create a balanced and punchy sound that’s not overtly shrill or too bass-heavy, and the midrange frequencies are well-defined without getting in the way of the upper register — a far too common issue with most noise-cancelling headphones on the market.
These headphones are also incredibly comfortable, and can be easily folded into a compact configuration that makes them ideal for frequent traveling. There’s even a built-in microphone that can be used to make or receive calls when connected to your phone.
Treat your ears to a truly superior listening experience with these Paww WaveSound 3 Noise-Cancelling Bluetooth Headphones. Usually priced at $149.99, these headphones are currently available for 50% off at 
.
Tying everything together was a brilliant risk versus reward system inspired by the roguelike genre. Anyone who has played a roguelike knows that one of the core pillars is the extreme punishment for dying. When a player died, all progress was wiped out, and the player returned to the start. The reason why this was fine was that every new play featured a completely different world to explore.
Demon’s Souls, and future games in the Souls-like genre, would meet in the middle. The level designs themselves were all hard-coded and fixed, with no random or procedural generation in effect. Upon dying, the player was returned to the start of the level, and all enemies were revived. By opening up shortcuts in the level, the player would begin to make permanent progress. The risk came into play with what the player lost when they died. Souls earned from killing enemies were both currency and experience points in the world of Demon’s Souls. Upon death, the player dropped all the souls that she or he possessed on the ground. If the player did not recover them before dying again, they were lost forever.
This created an interesting dynamic of always questioning how far to push things before returning to the game’s hub to spend your souls. Every fight could turn into a bloodbath for players who weren’t prepared. With this system in place, Demon’s Souls would have the punishment of a roguelike, but featured handmade levels that players were happy to live, die, and repeat over and over again.
Above: 20 Essential Games to Study
Speaking of the levels, each of the game’s five worlds featured some of the best level designs for the time. The world would provide the player with unique environmental hazards, enemies to fight, and of course, secrets to uncover. The levels were an enemy onto themselves against the player, featuring death traps and plenty of bottomless pits to fall into.
One of the reasons why Demon’s Souls was chosen for this first book was due to the structure of the game. With each world being its own ecosystem, that made it easier for players to compartmentalize the various environments and build a mental map of the game space. The future Souls titles went with an open-world structure, which was far more ambitious, but it had a different feel than Demon’s Souls.
As the player, you could easily track your progress through Demon’s Souls, and with each world being separate from one another, it made it easier for the designers to keep everything focused. There was less downtime moving from one locale to the other, with each level being its own personal dungeon of pain for the player to explore.
Besides the environmental storytelling that went into the design of each world, the various enemies that were unique to the worlds helped to give them a greater sense of personality. This was expanded further by the variety of normal and bossclass enemies.
All manner of enemies were put into the game to test the player. There were commoners who would rush the player while frantically slashing, to skeletons that would cartwheel around the battlefield. Mastering the game required the player to slow down and figure out the kinds of attacks that the enemies would use. Taking things further, the bosses would become a staple of the Souls series, both for their design and challenge.
Every boss fight was with a completely different encounter that tested the player in a unique way. Some examples were the colossal Tower Knight, and the tag-team battle of the Maneaters. These bosses would exemplify one of the cornerstones of Souls-Likes: The player must be prepared for anything.
As we discussed earlier in this book with Devil May Cry 3, the Souls series would become the poster child for random-pattern boss design. The player had to respond to the unique touches of the boss with the build of his or her choosing. Not one boss in the entirety of Demon’s Souls repeated either the design or situation of another battle. Players had to react to whatever the boss would throw at them during a battle, as one wrong move could lead to death.
I’ve been looking around for a smartphone game to show off my 
, and I’ve found it in 
, the new real-time strategy game from Electronic Arts. It turns out it’s also a good game to show off what the iPhone XR can do. I’ve played with both the game and the phone for a while, and I’m enjoying both.
The new game has good audio and gorgeous graphics, as well as fast-action head-to-head combat with other human players. It’s been called a Clash Royale clone, as it has the same basic one-versus-one multiplayer action. But the audio is better and so are the graphics. I like how the rock-paper-scissors strategy works and how you have a wide array of weaponry to use against your rival in a kind of military chess game. The explosions are tiny on the mobile screen, but they’re first rate when it comes to quality.
The game takes advantage of the power of the iPhone XR, which has a 6.1-inch liquid crystal display screen. This phone doesn’t have a 120-hertz screen when it comes to a refresh rate; rather, it can respond to touches on the screen at 120 hertz. The graphics refresh at 60 hertz, which means it isn’t as fast as other phones on the market like the 
. Still, for most games and apps, I don’t think you aren’t going to notice this difference.
The Razer Phone 2 is also a great gaming phone, but it runs Android and is more expensive at $800. The iPhone XR costs $750 for 64GB of storage. (A variety of trade-in deals right now can bring the price lower.) It’s cheaper because it has a LCD screen rather than an organic light-emitting diode (OLED) screen.
Above: Command & Conquer: Rivals
I’ve tried out the iPhone XS Max, the Razer Phone 2, and the iPhone XR. And truth be told, it’s not that easy to tell the difference in visual quality between the different screens.
The experience is immersive on the iPhone XR, as the sound brings you into the experience when it’s turned up high. Command & Conquer: Rivals is a good test of the graphics and sound combination because so much is happening on the screen at the same time. Add to that the visually demanding explosions, and you’ll see the XR does a great job keeping up with the processing requirements of the game.
The iPhone XR’s graphics aren’t as beautiful as the iPhone XS Max, but the iPhone XR is at least $250 cheaper than that phone.
And plenty of titles can run on it. Others have pointed to games like Gangster New Orleans, Tekken, Black Paradox, PUBG Mobile, Lineage 2: Revolution, Arena of Valor, and CSR2. These games look beautiful too, and while I was fairly picky, it shouldn’t be that hard for hardcore gamers to find good games.
At first, I had a terrible time getting games like Pokémon Go to work on an iPhone XS Max. But I haven’t had that problem with the iPhone XR, which came out a little later, after Apple got the bugs out of the latest iOS version. It is rare for an app to crash on the iPhone XR, and I’ve been using it for weeks now. I’ve had other phones where crashing has been a real problem.
Above: My XR screen
The iPhone XR has a new A12 Bionic processor, just like the iPhone XS Max. It has haptic touch, instead of 3D touch, but no one is really using that much.
Thanks to the TrueDepth camera, it also has FaceID, which is great at recognizing your face and logging you into the phone and password-protected apps. The older and cheaper iPhone 8 and 8 Plus generation doesn’t have that. I don’t want to go back to the old way of typing in a passcode.
It’s also smaller than the XS Max screen, which turns out to be an advantage if you have small hands. My kid didn’t want to use the XS Max because she was afraid she would drop it.
Above: Capturing the action of Command & Conquer: Rivals on the iPhone XR.
Like I said, it took me a while to find a game I really liked on the iPhone XR. Maybe it won’t take you that long, but you might want to consider whether the game you want to play really looks better on an XR compared to an older phone or an Android phone with a similar size screen. It might be a good idea to compare the games on different phones if you can.
While it’s reliable, I had some problems. The Bluetooth in my car won’t pair with the iPhone XR, even after updates. This happened before with older Apple devices, but patches eventually made it work. The iPhone 6, for instance, worked great with my car’s speakers via Bluetooth. The iPhone XS Max also eventually worked in my aging car, but not with the XR so far. I’m not sure whose fault this is.
Sadly, I was spoiled by the quality of the iPhone XS Max 2X rear-facing camera, which is far superior to single 12 megapixel rear camera on the iPhone XR. If this really matters to you, then you should get the more expensive phone. That’s what you’re paying for. The XR does not have a terrible camera, but the results are noticeably different compared to the XS Max.
With the XR, you’re also not getting the Gigabit LTE service that is available for the iPhone XS Max models. That gets you faster data service, if it’s available to you, and it’s a nice stopgap until the even faster 5G arrives at a reasonable price.
Above: A screenshot of CSR2 on the iPhone XR.
When it comes to games, I’d rate the iPhone XR as quite capable. I enjoyed playing Command & Conquer: Rivals, a game from one of my favorite franchises, on Apple’s mainstream holiday smartphone.
More hardcore mobile games are on the way, and some of them can really exploit the graphics capability of the iPhone XR’s A12 Bionic processor. It’s a good choice if you’re a gamer who likes to play on mobile.
If you’re out shopping for a new phone this holiday, and you can’t wait for one of the new 5G models coming in the next year or two, I’d recommend the iPhone XR. The coming of 5G should make anyone pause, but it’s not clear how much those phones are going to cost and how much the data service will as well. So in the meantime, if you need something here and now to run your games and be a good mobile phone, the iPhone XR is a good holiday deal.
85/100.
For decades, games have served as benchmarks for artificial intelligence (AI).
In 1996, IBM famously set loose Deep Blue on chess, and it became the first program to defeat a reigning world champion (Garry Kasparov) under regular time controls. But things really kicked into gear in 2013 — the year Google subsidiary DeepMind demonstrated an AI system that could play Pong, Breakout, Space Invaders, Seaquest, Beamrider, Enduro, and Q*bert at superhuman levels. In March 2016, DeepMind’s 
 won a three-game match of Go against Lee Sedol, one of the highest-ranked players in the world. And only a year later, an improved version of the system (
) handily defeated champions at chess, a Japanese variant of chess called 
, and Go.
The advancements aren’t merely advancing game design, according to folks like DeepMind cofounder Demis Hassabis. Rather, they’re informing the development of systems that might one day diagnose illnesses, predict complicated 
, and 
. “AlphaZero is a stepping stone for us all the way to general AI,” Hassabis told VentureBeat in a recent interview. “The reason we test ourselves and all these games is … that [they’re] a very convenient proving ground for us to develop our algorithms. … Ultimately, [we’re developing algorithms that can be] translate[ed] into the real world to work on really challenging problems … and help experts in those areas.”
With that in mind, and with 2019 fast approaching, we’ve taken a look back at some of 2018’s AI in games highlights. Here they are for your reading pleasure, in no particular order.
Above: Map of level one in Montezuma’s Revenge.
, a 1984 platformer from publisher Parker Brothers for the Atari 2600, Apple II, Commodore 64, and a host of other platforms, players assume the role of intrepid explorer Panama Joe as he spelunks across Aztec emperor Montezuma II’s labyrinthine temple. The stages, of which there are 99 across three levels, are filled with obstacles like laser gates, conveyor belts, ropes, ladders, disappearing floors, and fire pits — not to mention skulls, snakes, spiders, torches, and swords. The goal is to reach the Treasure Chamber and rack up points along the way by finding jewels, killing enemies, and revealing keys that open doors to hidden stages.
Montezuma’s Revenge has a reputation for being difficult (the first level alone consists of 24 rooms), but AI systems have long had a particularly tough go of it. DeepMind’s groundbreaking Deep-Q learning network in 2015 — one which surpassed human experts on Breakout, Enduro, and Pong — scored a 0 percent of the average human score of 4,700 in Montezuma’s Revenge.
Researchers peg the blame on the game’s “spare rewards.” Completing a stage requires learning complex tasks with infrequent feedback. As a result, even the best-trained AI agents tend to maximize rewards in the short term rather than work toward a big-picture goal — for example, hitting an enemy repeatedly instead of climbing a rope close to the exit. But some AI systems this year managed to avoid that trap.
In a paper published on the preprint server Arxiv.org in May (“
“), DeepMind described a machine learning model that could, in effect, learn to master Montezuma’s Revenge from YouTube videos. After “watching” clips of expert players and by using a method that embedded game state observations into a common embedding space, it completed the first level with a score of 41,000.
In a second paper published online the same month (“
“), DeepMind scientists proposed improvements to the aforementioned Deep-Q model that increased its stability and capability. Most importantly, they enabled the algorithm to account for reward signals of “varying densities and scales,” extending its agents’ effective planning horizon. Additionally, they used human demonstrations to augment agents’ exploration process.
In the end, it achieved a score of 38,000 on the game’s first level.
Above: An agent controlling the player character.
In June, OpenAI — a nonprofit, San Francisco-based AI research company backed by Elon Musk, Reid Hoffman, and Peter Thiel — shared in a blog post a method for training a Montezuma’s Revenge-beating AI system. Novelly, it tapped human demonstrations to “restart” agents: AI player characters began near the end of the game and moved backward through human players’ trajectories on every restart. This exposed them to parts of the game which humans had already cleared, and helped them to achieve a score of 74,500.
In August, building on its previous work, OpenAI described in a paper (“
“) a model that could best most human players. The top-performing version found 22 of the 24 rooms in the first level, and occasionally discovered all 24.
What set it apart was a reinforcement learning technique called Random Network Distillation (RND), which used a bonus reward that incentivized agents to explore areas of the game map they normally wouldn’t have. RND also addressed another common issue in reinforcement learning schemes — the so-called noisy TV problem — in which an AI agent becomes stuck looking for patterns in random data.
“Curiosity drives the agent to discover new rooms and find ways of increasing the in-game score, and this extrinsic reward drives it to revisit those rooms later in the training,” OpenAI explained in a blog post. “Curiosity gives us an easier way to teach agents to interact with any environment, rather than via an extensively engineered task-specific reward function that we hope corresponds to solving a task.”
On average, OpenAI’s agents scored 10,000 over nine runs with a best mean return of 14,500. A longer-running test yielded a run that hit 17,500.
OpenAI and DeepMind aren’t the only ones that managed to craft skilled Montezuma’s Revenge-playing AI this year. In a paper and accompanying 
 published in late November, researchers at San Francisco ride-sharing company Uber unveiled Go-Explore, a family of so-called quality diversity AI models capable of posting scores of over 2,000,000 and average scores over 400,000. In testing, the models were able to “reliably” solve the entire game up to level 159 and reach an average of 37 rooms.
To reach those sky-high numbers, the researchers implemented an innovative training method consisting of two parts: exploration and robustification. In the exploration phase, Go-Explore built an archive of different game states — cells — and the various trajectories, or scores, that lead to them. It chose a cell, returned to that cell, explored the cell, and, for all cells it visited, swapped in a given new trajectory if it was better (i.e., the score was higher).
This “exploration” stage conferred several advantages. Thanks to the aforementioned archive, Go-Explore was able to remember and return to “promising” areas for exploration. By first returning to cells (by loading the game state) before exploring from them, it avoided over-exploring easily reached places. And because Go-Explore was able to visit all reachable states, it was less susceptible to deceptive reward functions.
The robustification step, meanwhile, acted as a shield against noise. If Go-Explore’s solutions were not robust to noise, it robustified them into a deep neural network with an imitation learning algorithm.
“Go-Explore’s max score is substantially higher than the human world record of 1,219,200, achieving even the strictest definition of ‘superhuman performance,'” the team said. “This shatters the state of the art on Montezuma’s Revenge both for traditional RL algorithms and imitation learning algorithms that were given the solution in the form of a human demonstration.”
Microsoft today 
 a new Windows 10 preview with new features like Windows Sandbox, support for symbols and kaomoji, and Automatic Restart and Sign On (ARSO) for enterprises. It also includes improvements to Start, Windows Security, the Clipboard, sign-in, the Task Manager, troubleshooting, settings, and File Explorer. This build is from the 19H1 branch, which will arrive in the first half of next year.
Windows 10 is being developed 
, meaning it receives new features on a regular basis. Microsoft has released six major updates so far: 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, and 
.
This build simplifies the default Start layout for new devices, new user accounts, and clean installs. It features a one-column design, reduced top-level tiles, and tailored version for commercial and educational customers. If you’re upgrading to this build, you won’t see a new layout because Windows updates aren’t going to change what you see in your Start menu.
Microsoft describes Windows Sandbox as “a new lightweight desktop environment tailored for safely running applications in isolation.” It’s where you can run an executable file you’re not sure about or fire up a clean installation of Windows without setting up a virtual machine. Any software installed in Windows Sandbox stays only in the sandbox, and once it is closed all its files are deleted. The feature will ship with Windows 10 Pro and Windows 10 Enterprise.
Speaking of security features, Windows Security has a new Protection History experience. It still shows you detections by Windows Defender Antivirus, but it also includes results from the Windows Defender Offline scanning tool and offers more detailed information about threats and available actions. Additionally, there’s now a Tamper Protection setting that provides additional protections against changes to key security features, including limiting changes that are not made directly through the Windows Security app.
When you press WIN+(period) or WIN+(semicolon), in addition to emoji, the picker now includes symbols (punctuation, currency, geometric, math, Latin, language) and 
. This experience started rolling out with 
 but is now available to all Windows Insiders.
The cloud-powered Clipboard (Windows key + V) has been updated to offer a more compact UI. Because 90 percent of items in the clipboard history are text, the design is now optimized for text snippets, which means you can see more entries without having to scroll.
As part of 
, the company is adding support for setting up and signing in to Windows with a phone number account. You can use an SMS code to first set up your account and then use Windows Hello Face, Fingerprint, or a PIN to sign in. Speaking of PINs, the Windows Hello PIN reset experience has been redesigned to match the look and feel of the web version.
In addition to critical troubleshooting, which happens automatically and can’t be turned off, Windows 10 will now also recommend troubleshooting for other problems. One example is offering to temporarily turn off a setting that sometimes causes an app or feature to crash. You can then turn it back on once the problem has been resolved with an update.
ARSO automatically signs a user in after an update to finish setting up, and then it locks the PC. This feature (Settings => Accounts => Sign-in options => Privacy) will be enabled on Cloud Domain Joined devices that meet certain security requirements: BitLocker is enabled and is not suspended during the upgrade, TPM 2.0, and SecureBoot.
If you have a preferred tab in Task Manager, you can now set it as the default tab (Options => Set default tab). When you launch Task Manager, it will now start right there.
The Settings home page now has a header at the top that allows you to take quick action for things like signing in and managing your Microsoft account. It also gives you an easily visible system status, such as when updates are available.
With 
, File Explorer got a new default date format called Friendly Dates. It’s now easier to turn off (just right-click on the date modified column and toggle).
The new Japanese IME is back, after being taken offline a few weeks ago, although it has returned via a staggered rollout. It includes enhanced key customization options and improved candidate window reliability.
Microsoft's new 
 app for Microsoft Office users mirrors 
 and will replace the My Office app 
 
— Emil Protalinski (@EPro) 
This build also introduces 
 and 
.
This 19H1 build includes the following general bug fixes and improvements:
Today’s update bumps Windows 10 from 
 (made available to testers on December 10) to build 18305.
This build has 11 known issues:
As always, don’t install this on your production machine.
Call of Duty: Black Ops 4 has received almost 
 from long-time fans, 
, and casual players since its October release. Pro players and esports enthusiasts surrounding the competitive scene held some reservations, though. From increasing team numbers from four to five to the seemingly overpowered specialists and equipment, there was enough to be skeptical about going into CWL Vegas.
This year’s Call of Duty has 
 and has catapulted Call of Duty as a franchise back to the forefront of our collective interest. The announcement of Blackout — paired with arguably one of the most entertaining multiplayer experiences in Call of Duty history — had fan expectations high, especially after the relatively 
 for the franchise last year, both competitively and publicly.
More eyes have been drawn to the franchise this year from keen esports fans once again, undoubtedly aided by regular content creation from some of the sport’s biggest stars, such as Optic Gaming’s golden boy Seth “Scump” Abner who was mostly absent on Twitch last season. In addition, it has some of the world’s most popular names in gaming regularly streaming Black Ops 4, such as Shroud, Ninja and Dr Disrespect; Dr Disrespect’s Code Red Blackout tournament; the Doritos Bowl Blackout tournament; and hundreds of hours of multiplayer tournament streaming from the game’s most notable players — including the return of the likes of Damon “Karma” Barlow, one of the greatest CoD players of all time. This season of professional CoD — bringing with it a revitalized fanbase — seems destined to be huge.
Despite the rise in popularity and interest in the newest Black Ops installment, there were still reasons to be hesitant about CoD esports going into the first major tournament of the year. WWII was hardly the gold standard for how a first-person-shooter esport should be — there was little of the game that was left to chance – indeed, it was uncontroversial, albeit occasionally uneventful. Players had to win their gun fights, approach maps strategically and utilize grenades and other equipment in tandem with the rest of their team. Hardpoint rotations, Capture the Flag defences and Search & Destroy bomb pushes were methodical, simple, and easy to follow.
Compare that to Black Ops 4. Stun grenades that incapacitate opponents to the point where they 
fight back; specialist abilities that are relatively easy to obtain that can easily shift the balance of power, such as Ajax’s Ballistic Shield or Battery’s War Machine; questionable spawns on maps such as Seaside, especially for Hardpoint; teams of five instead of four, which will presumably make gameplay more hectic and difficult for spectators to follow; a questionable CWL rule set, which, barring a “gentleman’s agreement” between pros, would include Ajax’s Ballistic Shield and 9-bang stun grenade as well as Firebreak’s Reactor Core. Upon initial evaluation, one could assume that less can be controlled by players, and ultimately matches may be more frequently decided by chance, rather than superior tactics and skill level.
One of CoD’s most successful competitors ever, two-time world champion Patrick “Aches” Price, was one of the major proponents of a collective apprehension among pro players. Aches was vocal from the day of the rule set announcement, as were many other pros, asking for alterations such as removing Ajax as a useable specialist and the addition of smoke grenades to move the game in the direction of cooperated strategy, and further way from extravagant firework-display gameplay. In 
, Price stated:
“
Clearly, not everybody was optimistic. The majority of pro players agreed that certain specialist abilities were far too overpowered and required very little skill to use, such as Firebreak’s Reactor Core – hence the aforementioned gentleman’s agreement, which consists of self-imposed trust agreements amongst pros to avoid using abilities such as the Reactor Core and specialists like Ajax and Torque, even though these things haven’t been officially banned by CWL.
Except for a few 2K online tournaments and ProDown warm-ups, nobody really knew what to expect going into Vegas. Yes, the game looks to be a thoroughly entertaining spectacle, but so much can change during majors, and nobody quite knew how it would play out. Watching pros stream is a different experience to spectating neutrally; and, factoring in the team number increase from four to five – would gameplay be too quick to follow? Would players uphold their end of the gentleman’s agreement and abstain from using certain overpowered specialists? Do some specialists and equipment need to be removed from competitive play altogether?
Clearly, there was enough cause for concern. Now that the first major event of the year has come to its conclusion, what have we learned? Was CWL Vegas a success, and does this game have esport potential looking ahead to the rest of the year?
In one word, yes.
This game is outstanding competitively. It’s easy to follow, unbelievably entertaining, and, surprisingly, uncontroversial. Treyarch appears to have struck the ideal balance between Counter Strike-esque, strategy-based, methodical gameplay and explosive entertainment potential akin to that of Overwatch. Equipment seems to be effective but not overwhelming, and gameplay doesn’t look like a concoction of bad ideas which many critics predicted – quite the opposite. There is excellent variety woven into the fabric of the game that only works to its advantage, making it incredibly fun to watch and surprisingly simple to follow.
In all actuality, watching CWL Vegas could make you wonder why CoD isn’t one of the world’s leading esports. Of course, if you know the recent history of CoD then you know exactly why: a number of head-scratcher decisions from its creators that alienated die-hard fans, that caused sales and public interest in the series to decline. One unforgettable example of this is was when jetpacks were introduced for Advanced Warfare in 2014 and became a fundamental part of CoD gameplay for the next three years. This era is now referred to as the “jetpack era” — a period that during which CoD witnessed huge decline in popularity.
The network of fans CoD had so successfully built up until that point 
, with many fans rejecting the new change altogether – the games resembled Halo more than Call of Duty. (For an informative, well-researched summary of CoD’s decline in recent years, watch “
” on YouTube by Clean Prince Gaming.) Thankfully, it is likely that this game will ensure Call of Duty regains the status it deserves as an esport, and will surely experience exponential growth in terms of viewership from now on.
Clearly the esports numbers for CoD 
 in recent times, especially when you think how popular CoD used to be. It should really be one of the most popular esports. But the numbers for the first Black Ops 4 tournament of the year 
 Vegas had an average viewership of 82,000, a huge improvement on recent times in the CoD franchise. CWL Anaheim for CoD WW2, which took place in June of 2018, 
. This highlights that people are really taking to this game and that it has serious promise of being one of the most entertaining esports (I’d argue that it already is). Viewing numbers should only increase throughout the next year.
There are still a few inconsistencies that need ironing out before the next major tournament, one of which being equipment glitches experienced by Luminosity Gaming’s John when facing Optic Gaming in the winner’s bracket on Saturday. John’s Trophy — a vital piece of equipment that destroys enemy equipment in its vicinity — disappeared, even though it was clearly available at the beginning of the round. John claims this happened almost every round in a Search & Destroy match, clearly hindering LG’s chances of defeating Optic. They lost the tie 3-0, and 
 to vent his frustrations:
There is footage that proves John’s point which can be found 
. The LG member also took to Twitter to complain about how he was incapacitated by a stun grenade for the full six seconds, even though he had the perk Tactical Mask equipped which should provide extra protection from equipment. These problems continued for John into championship Sunday. Clearly, there are a few bugs in the game that Treyarch needs to remove going forward; that kind of mishap is unacceptable with so much at stake during these tournaments.
In addition to this, we didn’t see the most controversial specialists used at Vegas due to the gentleman’s agreement even though players would be well within their rights to use Torque or Ajax, for example. Perhaps this is something that needs addressing; if every professional player agrees that certain abilities are too broken to use, and that the game would become less fair if players used them, then they shouldn’t have to arrange their own agreement – it should be part of the rules. Still, aside from a few technical issues and the 
 for players to use specialists that should probably be banned, the state of Call of Duty as an esport hasn’t looked this promising in a long time. It seems reasonable to suggest that as the season progresses, Black Ops 4 will accumulate viewers with every passing event.
The potential that Black Ops 4 seems to have can be in part attributed to Treyarch’s return to what made Call of Duty so great to begin with. As previously mentioned, Call of Duty has a history of polarizing its fanbase with questionable decisions, with many fans on many occasions being turned off by the direction CoD has taken. With the release of Black Ops 4, Treyarch has managed to take risks which all seem to have paid off while retaining the fundamental nature of Call of Duty as a staple first-person-shooter.
Merge more recent additions, such as unique playable specialist characters and creative, futuristic scorestreaks while returning to the fundamental gameplay that CoD built its fanbase on, and it looks as though little could go wrong. Call of Duty: Black Ops 4 has reached a level of respectability that has been missing in the series for too long, and with tournaments that are as enthralling as CWL Vegas, it seems reasonable to assume that the popularity of professional CoD will steadily increase throughout the year.
Indian food delivery startup 
 today announced a $1 billion funding round led by South African ecommerce and investment firm Naspers. This is the firm’s latest bet on the booming tech market in world’s second most populous nation.
Swiggy, which serves food from 50,000 restaurants and has a fleet of 120,000 delivery people in India, will receive $660 million from Naspers, with the rest of the capital for the Series H round coming from Tencent, Hillhouse Capital, Wellington Management, DST Global, Coatue Management, and Meituan Dianping. The transaction valued the company at more than $3 billion, a person familiar with the matter said.
In the last six months, Swiggy has expanded to 42 new cities in India. In a statement, Swiggy CEO Sriharsha Majety said the company will focus on improving its customer experience. “As we add more firepower to our vision of elevating quality of life for urban consumers by offering unparalleled convenience, we’re pleased that visionary global investors share our purpose and have made such a significant investment in our future.”
Swiggy, which was founded in 2014, had raised north of $450 million before today’s announcement. Naspers also led Swiggy’s $210 Series G round this July, and $100 million Series E and $80 million Series F rounds since the middle of last year. The latest investment, one of the largest in a food delivery startup, further cements Naspers’ interest in India. Just this week, Naspers 
, and it has made notable investments in local classified business OLX, payments firm PayU, and travel company MakeMyTrip.
Naspers CEO Larry Illg said in a statement, “We have even more confidence Swiggy has the winning formula and will continue to build a leading business in the country. Swiggy has 10 times the number of orders per month since our first investment, has expanded throughout India to tier 1, 2, and 3 cities, and, most importantly, is the most-loved food delivery brand in India, providing the best service to consumers nationwide.”
The latest round will help Swiggy combat its rivals in India, which include Zomato and 
. Indeed, India has emerged as the 
, company executives said earlier this year.
Swiggy also rivals FoodPanda, which ride-hailing giant Ola 
 late last year. Since then, FoodPanda has attempted to expand its user base in the country by offering users 
.
Conventional financial data, in many respects, is a two-dimensional view of the investment world. It provides useful facts, but without perspective. What investment professionals increasingly seek is a third dimension that captures a business in all its dynamic reality — a process, in the analytics world, that only comes when multiple forms of data are connected together, analyzed, and visualized in increasingly rapid ways.
Those forms of data in the investment world are called alternative data, or more colloquially, Alt Data.
Big Data storage technologies allow the harvesting and storage of datasets from dozens of sources — mobile devices, 
 GPS, social media, satellite data, POS purchase data, and many others. And investors who can gain insights from these forms of Alt Data can gain an enormous advantage. The possibility of increasing speed of iteration by shaving seconds, even milliseconds, off of analytic latency accelerates the advantage.
Investors everywhere want to know more about individual company performance before others do. They are looking for leading indicators that they believe will impact future financial outcomes. Until recently, however, analysts lacked the firepower to query and visually explore these huge datasets in an effective way. Mainstream analytics software, operating on conventional CPU-based servers, simply can’t process, in a timely fashion, the billions of rows of data required for advanced, multilayer analysis.
GPUs (Graphics Processing Units), on the other hand, have finally evolved from their use in supercomputing to the enterprise data center where they can accelerate Big Data analytics, machine learning, and deep learning workloads. Designed for massive parallel querying, complex image rendering, and interactive visualization, these ultra-fast processors, working in conjunction with purpose-built analytics software, provide the kind of zero-latency speed and interactivity that professional investors require.
Investment management firms of all shapes and sizes are embracing this GPU analytics revolution. GPU-accelerated platforms are enabling speed-of-thought analysis and, in turn, uncovering more sophisticated investment and growth opportunities than ever before.
The digital revolution offers many new data sources that are now being integrated for new insights. The main classes of alternative datasets are:
Once these multiple forms and sources of data are identified, the next challenge is to resolve queries from analysts at near real-time speed — a feat that is possible only through GPU-accelerated analytics. With this analytics software, analysts can examine data from scores of sources at rates impossible to achieve through conventional CPU-based systems.
When non-traditional data is layered and compared, the results for decision-makers can be transformational. These insights offer new, real-time signals into how markets are moving, which in turn leads to greater confidence in investment decisions — plus the ability to outmaneuver competitors:
In one 
 an investment research firm leverages advanced analytics to accelerate its queries into U.S. credit card transaction data. The insights gained through the firm’s unique platform are giving investment managers the ability to spot changes affecting whole industries, as well as specific companies, in near real-time — even before those changes are announced publicly.
Another example comes from an asset management firm that uses Alt Data to better understand the value of a company beyond its balance sheet. It analyzes job postings, for example, the number of data scientists and cloud computing engineers an IT company is hiring, to help determine operational efficiency and competitive edge.
Along with the opportunities, several potential risks must be noted. Data provenance is a critical factor, especially due to the wide range of sources that have recently become available. Without a thorough vetting, privacy issues, data quality, and regulatory compliance can be compromised. Investment managers need to have carefully constructed strategies to manage these inherent risks.
As the world continues to create more and new forms of data that give off powerful signals that can infer future corporate performance, GPU-accelerated analytics platforms have the potential to be a game-changing development in investment management.
, a biotechnology startup that’s meshing computational power with the latest experimental techniques around “protein motion” to create a cutting-edge drug discovery engine, has raised a whopping $400 million in a series C round of funding led by SoftBank’s Vision Fund.
Other participants in the round include Alphabet’s GV, Foresite Capital, Perceptive Advisors, Tavistock Group, Casdin Capital, BVF Partners, EcoR1 Capital, Alexandria Venture Investments, and an affiliate of D.E. Shaw Research.
Founded out of Cambridge, Massachusetts in 2016, Relay Therapeutics looks at the activity of proteins and the way 
 — and how this impacts the formation of diseases in the human body. With such insights into the dynamic nature of proteins, Relay Therapeutics is setting out to develop new therapies, with an initial focus on cancer, though it will eventually explore programs for all manner of diseases.
Above: Protein motion: animated illustration
“We are at a unique moment in the evolution of drug discovery, where we can realize the promise of integrating ever more powerful experimental and computational discovery tools to tackle previously undruggable protein targets,” 
 Relay Therapeutics president and CEO Sanjiv Patel. “The success of our early programs validates the potential of our platform to create breakthrough therapies that address a broad range of diseases.”
Relay Therapeutics had previously raised around $120 million, including a 
 last year, and with its latest cash injection it plans to “accelerate the implementation of its long-term strategy” while also pushing its existing programs into clinics.
“A financing of this magnitude allows Relay Therapeutics to significantly scale and advance both its platform and its pipeline,” added Alexis Borisy, Relay Therapeutics’ chair and partner at Third Rock Ventures, which led the company’s series A round in 2016.
Life sciences are enjoying significant VC investment, with GV participating in a number of such funding rounds. Earlier this year, 
 medical machine learning startup Owkin, whose platform helps clinical researchers develop predictive models to expedite drug development. Elsewhere, the firm 
 in Verana Health to improve clinical research using EHR data, and it has 
, a U.K. startup working on ‘next-generation’ vaccines, as well as 
.
SoftBank is no stranger to biotech investments itself, 
 in experimental drug developer Roivant Sciences — a company 
.
Bluetooth wireless earbuds don’t tend to have stellar reputations when it comes to audio quality. Although much more convenient and portable than traditional over-ear headphones, these compact cousins tend to lack the rich bass and defined treble that most serious listeners crave from a piece of audio equipment.
These 
, however, break all the rules by offering supreme portability and convenience along with truly incredible sound, and right now you can land a pair for over 45 percent off at just $79.95 for a limited time.
Featuring the latest Bluetooth 5.0 technology, these earbuds are ideal for audiophiles who don’t want to sacrifice sonic quality for portability.
These buds deliver a defined, rich bass and crystal-clear highs, along with a detailed and defined midrange that doesn’t interfere with the other frequencies (an all-too-common problem for most earbuds of this size), thanks to powerful Neodymium drivers and a frequency range of 15Hz to 22Khz.
They easily connect to any 
 and deliver a whopping fifty hours of on-the-go listening with an included charging case — meaning you won’t have to worry about your music cutting out even if you’re away from an outlet for extended periods of time. And when you do finally need to charge, you can get the job done in less than forty minutes.
These buds are also incredibly comfortable, thanks to a twist-and-lock configuration that allows them to fit snuggly in your ear, and they won’t fall out even if you’re in the middle of an especially demanding workout or run — making them ideal for exercise enthusiasts. They’re even fully sweat-proof.
Don’t sacrifice great sound for on-the-go convenience and portability. These REVEL True Wireless Earbuds offer both for 
 — over 45 percent off their MSRP for a limited time.
, a car-leasing firm that bought out Uber’s leasing portfolio of vehicles earlier this year, has raised a whopping $385 million in a series B round of funding led by SoftBank. Additional participants in the round include Exponential Ventures, insurance giant Munich Re’s Ergo Fund, G Squared, and CreditEase.
The company will use the investment to enable it to “scale its consumer platform and Uber partnership globally,” according to a statement issued by the startup.
Founded in 2016, Santa Monica-based Fair touts its business model as the “future of car-ownership,” with mobile apps and a website designed to make it easy to search for and procure a car within a set budget. The entire process, including signing the lease agreement, happens directly through the app.
Above: Fair app
The company hit the headlines this year when it emerged that 
 car-leasing business to Fair. Uber launched Xchange Leasing 
 as a way to get more drivers on the road; however, reports surfaced that the ride-hailing giant was planning to close down the unit because it was losing as much as $9,000 per car.
The companies 
 that Fair would be acquiring the portfolio and associated contracts, with some reports suggesting that the transaction cost Fair as much as $400 million. Fair was in fact well-financed, having revealed a 
 from notable investors including BMW and Mercedes-Benz.
Fair and Uber have maintained a close partnership in the intervening months. Fair now targets Uber drivers with specific plans that include routine maintenance and roadside assistance, and Uber drivers can actually log in to the Fair app with their Uber credentials.
Above: Fair and Uber
Since its 
 in August 2017, Fair said, it has provided cars to more than 20,000 users through 3,000 dealer partnerships in the U.S. The company has now raised more than $400 million in equity funding in the past year, including a 
, and with its latest cash injection it will now gear up to bring its Uber tie-up to more markets around the world, in addition to launching its consumer business.
“We’re in the midst of a transformational shift as consumers choose access to services over ownership,” noted Fair CEO and founder Scott Painter. “This financing signals that Fair will be a critical and enduring component of this transition in mobility as we replace the decades-old, debt-based system of car-buying with a payments platform that’s simple, affordable, and flexible.”
The used car marketplace sector is big business, with the likes of 
 a $146 million funding round and 
 raising 
. Fair, of course, is a slightly different proposition as its product is pitched more as a shorter-term “no commitment” service involving pre-agreed monthly payments, even though in reality it can be used for longer term “ownership” style leases.
“Fair provides a simple and affordable way for people to get access to a car for personal use, ridesharing, or carsharing,” added Lydia Jett, senior investor at SoftBank Investment Advisers. “This investment will enable Fair to provide cars on a global scale, and help reduce the barriers to mobility.”
Microsoft
 in January. Xbox Game Pass is a subscription service that gives access to download and play a library of over 100 Xbox One titles. It costs $10 a month.
Xbox One console exclusives from Microsoft, including titles like 
, come out to Game Pass on the same day as their retail releases. Adding new titles to the service can attract new customers. Third-party games can also help improve Game Pass’ library, and those are highlighting January’s offerings.
The new releases include the first episode of 
, which becomes available on January 3. Every episode for the original Life is Strange and the prequel Life is Strange: Before the Storm came out for Xbox Game Pass in December. The second episode of Life is Strange 2 is coming out later this month, so this will give subscribers a chance to catch up on the narrative-driven adventure series before then.
Here are the other new additions for Xbox Game Pass this month:
Game Pass has become an important program for Microsoft. While Sony has a similar service with PlayStation Now for PlayStation 4, Xbox Game Pass is outclassing it in terms of library quality. Having a steady stream of new games for Xbox Game Pass will be key if it wants to be successful in 2019.
Artificial intelligence is cast all at once as the technology that will save the world and end it.
To cut through the noise and hype, VentureBeat spoke with luminaries whose views on the right way to do AI have been informed by years of working with some of the biggest tech and industry companies on the planet.
Below find insights from Google Brain cofounder Andrew Ng, Cloudera general manager of ML and Fast Forward Labs founder Hilary Mason, Facebook AI Research founder Yann LeCun, and Accenture’s responsible AI global lead Dr. Rumman Chowdhury. We wanted to get a sense of what they saw as the key milestones of 2018 and hear what they think is in store for 2019.
Amid a recap of the year and predictions for the future, some said they were encouraged to be hearing fewer Terminator AI apocalypse scenarios, as more people understand what AI can and cannot do. But these experts also stressed a continued need for computer and data scientists in the field to adopt responsible ethics as they advance artificial intelligence.
Dr. Rumman Chowdhury is managing director of the Applied Intelligence division at Accenture and global lead of its Responsible AI initiative, and was named to 
 in 2017. Last year, I had the honor of sharing the stage with her in Boston at Affectiva’s conference to discuss matters of trust surrounding artificial intelligence. She regularly speaks to audiences around the world on the topic.
For the sake of time, she responded to questions about AI predictions for 2019 via email. All responses from the other people in this article were shared in phone interviews.
Chowdhury said in 2018 she was happy to see growth in public understanding of the capabilities and limits of AI and to hear a more balanced discussion of the threats AI poses — beyond fears of a global takeover by intelligent machines as in 
. “With that comes increasing awareness and questions about privacy and security, and the role AI may play in shaping us and future generations,” she said.
Public awareness of AI still isn’t where she thinks it needs to be, however, and in the year ahead Chowdhury hopes to see more people take advantage of educational resources to understand AI systems and be able to intelligently question AI decisions.
She has been pleasantly surprised by the speed with which tech companies and people in the AI ecosystem have begun to consider the ethical implications of their work. But she wants to see the AI community do more to “move beyond virtue signaling to real action.”
“As for the ethics and AI field — beyond 
 — I’d like to see us digging into the difficult questions AI will raise, the ones that have no clear answer. What 
 the ‘right’ balance of AI- and IoT-enabled monitoring that allows for security but resists a punitive surveillance state that reinforces existing racial discrimination? How should we shape the redistribution of gains from advanced technology so we are not further increasing the divide between the haves and have-nots? What level of exposure to children allows them to be ‘AI natives’ but not manipulated or homogenized? How do we scale and automate education using AI but still enable creativity and independent thought to flourish?” she asked.
In the year ahead, Chowdhury expects to see more government scrutiny and regulation of tech around the world.
“AI and the power that is wielded by the global tech giants raises a lot of questions about how to regulate the industry and the technology,” she said. “In 2019, we will have to start coming up with the answers to these questions — how do you regulate a technology when it is a multipurpose tool with context-specific outcomes? How do you create regulation that doesn’t stifle innovation or favor large companies (who can absorb the cost of compliance) over small startups? At what level do we regulate? International? National? Local?”
She also expects to see the continued evolution of AI’s role in geopolitical matters.
“This is more than a technology, it is an economy- and society-shaper. We reflect, scale, and enforce our values in this technology, and our industry needs to be less naive about the implications of what we build and how we build it,” she said. For this to happen, she believes people need to move beyond the idea common in the AI industry that if we don’t build it, China will, as if creation alone is where power lies.
“I hope regulators, technologists, and researchers realize that our AI race is about more than just compute power and technical acumen, just like the Cold War was about more than nuclear capabilities,” she said. “We hold the responsibility of recreating the world in a way that is more just, more fair, and more equitable while we have the rare opportunity to do so. This moment in time is fleeting; let’s not squander it.”
On a consumer level, she believes 2019 will see more use of AI in the home. Many people have become much more accustomed to using smart speakers like Google Home and Amazon Echo, as well as a host of smart devices. On this front, she’s curious to see if anything especially interesting emerges from the Consumer Electronics Show — set to kick off in Las Vegas in the second week of January — that might further integrate artificial intelligence into people’s daily lives.
“I think we’re all waiting for a robot butler,” she said.
I always laugh more than I expect to when I hear Andrew Ng deliver a whiteboard session at a conference or in an online course. Perhaps because it’s easy to laugh with someone who is both passionate and having a good time.
Ng is an adjunct computer science professor at Stanford University whose name is well known in AI circles for a number of different reasons.
He’s the cofounder of Google Brain, an initiative to spread AI throughout Google’s many products, and the founder of 
, a company that helps businesses integrate AI into their operations.
He’s also the instructor of some of the most popular machine learning courses on YouTube and 
, an online learning company he founded, and he founded 
 and wrote the book 
.
After 
, in 2017 he left his post as chief AI scientist for Baidu, another tech giant that he helped transform into an AI company.
Finally, he’s also part of the 
 and on the board of driverless car company Fast.ai.
Ng spoke with VentureBeat earlier this month when he 
, a short read about how companies can unlock the positive impacts of artificial intelligence for their own companies.
One major area of progress or change he expects to see in 2019 is AI being used in applications outside of tech or software companies. The biggest untapped opportunities in AI lie beyond the software industry, he said, citing use cases from a McKinsey report that found that AI will 
.
“I think a lot of the stories to be told next year [2019] will be in AI applications outside the software industry. As an industry, we’ve done a decent job helping companies like Google and Baidu but also Facebook and Microsoft — which I have nothing to do with — but even companies like Square and Airbnb, Pinterest, are starting to use some AI capabilities. I think the next massive wave of value creation will be when you can get a manufacturing company or agriculture devices company or a health care company to develop dozens of AI solutions to help their businesses.”
Like Chowdhury, Ng was surprised by growth in understanding in what AI can and cannot do in 2018, and pleased that conversations can take place without focusing on the killer robot scenario or fear of artificial general intelligence.
Ng said he intentionally responded to my questions with answers he didn’t expect many others to have.
“I’m trying to cite deliberately a couple of areas which I think are really important for practical applications. I think there are barriers to practical applications of AI, and I think there’s promising progress in some places on these problems,” he said.
In the year ahead, Ng is excited to see progress in two specific areas in AI/ML research that help advance the field as a whole. One is AI that can arrive at accurate conclusions with less data, something called “few shot learning” by some in the field.
“I think the first wave of deep learning progress was mainly big companies with a ton of data training very large neural networks, right? So if you want to build a speech recognition system, train it on 100,000 hours of data. Want to train a machine translation system? Train it on a gazillion pairs of sentences of parallel corpora, and that creates a lot of breakthrough results,” Ng said. “Increasingly I’m seeing results on small data where you want to try to take in results even if you have 1,000 images.”
The other is advances in computer vision referred to as “generalized visibility.” A computer vision system might work great when trained with pristine images from a high-end X-ray machine at Stanford University. And many advanced companies and researchers in the field have created systems that outperform a human radiologist, but they aren’t very nimble.
“But if you take your trained model and you apply it to an X-ray taken from a lower-end X-ray machine or taken from a different hospital, where the images are a bit blurrier and maybe the X-ray technician has the patient slightly turned to their right so the angle’s a little bit off, it turns out that human radiologists are much better at generalizing to this new context than today’s learning algorithms. And so I think interesting research [is on] trying to improve the generalizability of learning algorithms in new domains,” he said.
Yann LeCun is a professor at New York University, Facebook chief AI scientist, and founding director of Facebook AI Research (FAIR), a division of the company that created 
 and 
, as well as a number of AI systems — like the 
.
LeCun believes the open source policy FAIR adopts for its research and tools has helped nudge other large tech companies to do the same, something he believes has moved the AI field forward as a whole. LeCun spoke with VentureBeat last month ahead of the NeurIPS conference and the fifth anniversary of FAIR, an organization he describes as interested in the “technical, mathematical underbelly of machine learning that makes it all work.”
“It gets the entire field moving forward faster when more people communicate about the research, and that’s actually a pretty big impact,” he said. “The speed of progress you’re seeing today in AI is largely because of the fact that more people are communicating faster and more efficiently and doing more open research than they were in the past.”
On the ethics front, LeCun is happy to see progress in simply considering the ethical implications of work and the dangers of biased decision-making.
“The fact that this is seen as a problem that people should pay attention to is now well established. This was not the case two or three years ago,” he said.
LeCun said he does not believe ethics and bias in AI have become a major problem that require immediate action yet, but he believes people should be ready for that.
“I don’t think there are … huge life and death issues yet that need to be urgently solved, but they will come and we need to … understand those issues and prevent those issues before they occur,” he said.
Like Ng, LeCun wants to see more AI systems capable of the flexibility that can lead to robust AI systems that do not require pristine input data or exact conditions for accurate output.
LeCun said researchers can already manage perception rather well with deep learning but that a missing piece is an understanding of the overall architecture of a complete AI system.
He said that teaching machines to learn through observation of the world will require self-supervised learning, or model-based reinforcement learning.
“Different people give it different names, but essentially human babies and animals learn how the world works by observing and figure out this huge amount of background information about it, and we don’t know how to do this with machines yet, but that’s one of the big challenges,” he said. “The prize for that is essentially making real progress in AI, as well as machines, to have a bit of common sense and virtual assistants that are not frustrating to talk to and have a wider range of topics and discussions.”
For applications that will help internally at Facebook, LeCun said significant progress toward self-supervised learning will be important, as well as AI that requires less data to return accurate results.
“On the way to solving that problem, we’re hoping to find ways to reduce the amount of data that’s necessary for any particular task like machine translation or image recognition or things like this, and we’re already making progress in that direction; we’re already making an impact on the services that are used by Facebook by using weakly supervised or self-supervised learning for translation and image recognition. So those are things that are actually not just long term, they also have very short term consequences,” he said.
In the future, LeCun wants to see progress made toward AI that can establish causal relationships between events. That’s the ability to not just learn by observation, but to have the practical understanding, for example, that if people are using umbrellas, it’s probably raining.
“That would be very important, because if you want a machine to learn models of the world by observation, it has to be able to know what it can influence to change the state of the world and that there are things you can’t do,” he said. “You know if you are in a room and a table is in front of you and there is an object on top of it like a water bottle, you know you can push the water bottle and it’s going to move, but you can’t move the table because it’s big and heavy — things like this related to causality.”
After Cloudera acquired Fast Forward Labs in 2017, Hilary Mason became Cloudera’s general manager of machine learning. Fast Forward Labs, while absorbed into Cloudera, is still in operation, producing applied machine learning reports and advising customers to help them see six months to two years into the future.
One advancement in AI that surprised Mason in 2018 was related to 
, which can train a single neural network to apply multiple kinds of labels when inferring, for example, objects seen in an image.
Fast Forward Labs has also been advising customers on the ethical implications of AI systems. Mason sees a wider awareness for the necessity of putting some kind of ethical framework in place.
“This is something that since we founded Fast Forward — so, five years ago — we’ve been writing about ethics in every report but this year [2018] people have really started to pick up and pay attention, and I think next year we’ll start to see the consequences or some accountability in the space for companies and for people who pay no attention to this,” Mason said. “What I’m not saying very clearly is that I hope that the practice of data science and AI evolve as such that it becomes the default expectation that both technical folks and business leaders creating products with AI will be accounting for ethics and issues of bias and the development of those products, whereas today it is not the default that anyone thinks about those things.”
As more AI systems become part of business operations in the year ahead, Mason expects that product managers and product leaders will begin to make more contributions on the AI front because they’re in the best position to do so.
“I think it’s clearly the people who have the idea of the whole product in mind and understand the business understand what would be valuable and not valuable, who are in the best position to make these decisions about where they should invest,” she said. “So if you want my prediction, I think in the same way we expect all of those people to be minimally competent using something like spreadsheets to do simple modeling, we will soon expect them to be minimally competent in recognizing where AI opportunities in their own products are.”
The democratization of AI, or expansion to corners of a company beyond data science teams, is something that several companies have emphasized, including 
 as well as advice from the 
 within a company.
Mason also thinks more and more businesses will need to form structures to manage multiple AI systems.
Like an analogy sometimes used to describe challenges faced by people working in DevOps, Mason said, managing a single system can be done with hand-deployed custom scripts, and cron jobs can manage a few dozen. But when you’re managing tens or hundreds of systems, in an enterprise that has security, governance, and risk requirements, you need professional, robust tooling.
Businesses are shifting from having pockets of competency or even brilliance to having a systematic way to pursue machine learning and AI opportunities, she said.
The emphasis on containers for deploying AI makes sense to Mason, since Cloudera recently launched its own container-based machine learning platform. She believes this trend will continue in years ahead so companies can choose between on-premise AI or AI deployed in the cloud.
Finally, Mason believes the business of AI will continue to evolve, with common practices across the industry, not just within individual companies.
“I think we will see a continuing evolution of the professional practice of AI,” she said. “Right now, if you’re a data scientist or an ML engineer at one company and you move to another company, your job will be completely different: different tooling, different expectations, different reporting structures. I think we’ll see consistency there,” she said.
This past year may not have been quite the international breakthrough Huawei executives wanted, but it still turned out to be pretty darn good, despite an 
 for the Chinese tech giant.
Two developments on Thursday perfectly encapsulated the whipsaw year Huawei has experienced.
First, 
 the company said 2018 revenue is projected to be $108.5 billion, up 21 percent year-on-year. That includes 26 new contracts for 5G — one of the most hotly contested markets and a source of contention in countries such as the U.S., which asserts Huawei’s ties to China’s central government make its equipment a security threat.
This leads to the second development: 
 President Donald Trump is weighing a new executive order that would invoke national emergency powers to prevent U.S. companies using telecommunications equipment from Huawei and fellow Chinese company ZTE.
This comes just after 
 that it shipped 200 million smartphones in 2018, up roughly one-third from 2017, when it shipped 153 million.
So while 2018 was a big year for Huawei, there was also quite likely a sense that it could have been even bigger.
Rolling into 2018, Huawei had its eyes on the U.S. market. 
 for 5G networks and smartphones crumbled amid political pressure from Trump and U.S. lawmakers. In March, retailer 
 it was ditching Huawei products.
Huawei 
, either with its phones or its telecom gear. At a Paris event to roll out its new 
, the company tried to 
. The 
 and 
 impressive cameras and 
.
The event included a video called “Trust in our global partners” that offered gushing testimonials from executives at European carriers, such as France’s Orange, U.K.’s Vodafone, Germany’s Deutsche Telekom, and Spain’s Telefonica.
They praised Huawei as a “leading innovator” and talked up their cozy relationships with a company they argue is pushing the edge of technology. Indeed, this highlights a dilemma many countries are facing. Huawei is one of the biggest spenders on R&D for telecom, and its 5G gear and smartphones are rated highly. It’s not easy to say no when every country wants to have the latest and greatest for its citizens.
Yet the U.S. continues its push to shut out Huawei and convince allies to do the same — certain that the security risks outweigh the technological benefits. Australia has banned Huawei gear, as has 
. And there have been reports that 
 and 
 are considering doing the same, though no official actions have been taken.
All this seemed to come to a head a few weeks ago with the 
 — also the daughter of its billionaire founder, Ren Zhengfei — in Canada in connection with a demand from the U.S.
Huawei has 
 with assurances of its independence and promises to spend more on cybersecurity. But with deteriorating trade relations between Trump and China, it seems unlikely the company’s going to make any progress in the U.S. market in the coming year.
Still, its 2018 results indicate these controversies aren’t holding the company back in the short-term. The real question for 2019 is whether Huawei can continue its global march in more hospitable regions and avert any additional bans.
Despite everything, I think 
 deserves credit for how fascinating it is. 
 has made something that is fun to talk and write about. That’s true even when I’m trying to explain why I find it so disappointing.
For me, Red Dead II is the antithesis of what I like about games. And it disregards my tastes with a confidence and bravado that I find undeniable. When people talk about Red Dead Redemption II, it’s common to hear them use the phrase “singular vision.” The implication is that Rockstar made the game in a vacuum and went with its gut on how it should play and feel. It didn’t look to what Ubisoft or Nintendo were doing in the space. Rockstar knows best.
But I think that goes way beyond a singular vision and instead leans hard into hubris. That is why Red Dead Redemption II wins the Terrible Date Award as part of 
 — because it’s only interested in itself.
You can listen to us discuss Red Dead Redemption II’s award in the video clip above or as part of our Bad Awards in the podcast below:
Red Dead Redemption II doesn’t just disregard modern open-world conventions. It also disregards the player. Rockstar is so impressed with its own choices that it doesn’t seem like it ever stopped to ask how the game would make players feel. It was only interested in making players feel a certain way, and so be it if you don’t come along for the ride. And that’s a problem because the game repeatedly muddles how you’re supposed to feel as a player.
This problem manifests most obviously in the story missions where, if you stumble off of Rockstar’s prescribed path, you fail. You get a game over.
These narrow paths are not the game pushing back against the player in a fun or challenging way. It is Rockstar pushing against the player. It is the developer saying, “You’re playing wrong.” Rockstar pushes you back onto its set path as if to say, “Look at all this stuff we made. Can you see how clever we are?”
Rockstar scolds players for having their own curiosity and creativity. You are here to experience Rockstar’s creativity, and that’s it.
But where Rockstar’s heavy hand forces you down its corridors in the story missions, it relentlessly throws a handful of predetermined experiences at you in the open world.
The studio packed the land with things to do, but Rockstar also scripted all of these diversions as well. Hunting, fishing, poker, drinking, cooking, and more are all available to you. But the developer throws these things at the player without ever really handing any authorship over to the player.
Red Dead II’s activities are like theme-park re-creations. Or, put another way: You can go on the hunting ride, but you cannot use hunting to your own ends. Red Dead has few real systems or systemic interactions.
Most people who have played enough Red Dead II ran into the poor soul on the side of the road who cries to you for help with a snake bite. He’s going to die unless he gets medicine or someone to suck the poison out.
But the snake-bitten man is just an animatron. He is a dancing robot rat at Chuck E. Cheese. And Rockstar has strictly authored every way this interaction plays out. You can save or kill him. While saving him, you can demand money or just give him what he needs without taking anything in return. And if you save him, the man will show up again later in your world and pay for an item at a store for you.
This entire interaction is devoid of systems that the player can use. You cannot, for example, choose what you want from the man. I would have threatened him to join my posse in exchange for his life. Or I would have asked him to take me to his home so I could pick whatever through his possessions for what I wanted for my own.
I’m not saying the game has to work like this. The point here is that Rockstar was so impressed with itself and how it used its systems, that it never thought it wouldn’t impress the players. It never puts decisions in your hand. Why would you want to interact with this world when Rockstar has built so many things for you to experience as it intended.
Red Dead Redemption II is stifling. It has an illusion of freedom and choice. It has a morality system that goes up or down depending on the choices you make as player. But if Rockstar wants to do something with the characters, it doesn’t even pretend to take your previous actions into account.
If Rockstar needs Arthur to be regretful for its current story beat, it won’t matter that my Arthur shot every person on the side of the road that asked him for help.
Red Dead Redemption II makes me think: “why am I here?” It’s like going on a date with someone who is completely self-absorbed.
It shoots down every idea you have and dismisses your efforts to guide the conversation. It only has anything to say when it is talking about itself. And because it is so beautiful, Rockstar can’t fathom the possibility that you aren’t as absorbed and impressed with it as it is.
And if you agree with Rockstar, you can still have a good time. You can dress up your cowboy however you want and let Red Dead II show you a good time. But you’re just going along to nod in agreement with whatever the game has to say. If you expect anything more than that, this game just won’t care.
 – Alphabet’s Google unit won approval from U.S. regulators to deploy a radar-based motion sensing device known as 
.
The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) said in an order late on Monday that it would grant Google a waiver to operate the Soli sensors at higher power levels than currently allowed. The FCC said the sensors can also be operated aboard aircraft.
The FCC said the decision “will serve the public interest by providing for innovative device control features using touchless hand gesture technology.”
A Google spokeswoman did not immediately comment on Tuesday, citing the New Year’s Day holiday.
The FCC said the Soli sensor captures motion in a three-dimensional space using a radar beam to enable touchless control of functions or features that can benefit users with mobility or speech impairments.
Google says the sensor can allow users to press an invisible button between the thumb and index fingers or a virtual dial that turns by rubbing a thumb against the index finger.
The company says that “even though these controls are virtual, the interactions feel physical and responsive” as feedback is generated by the haptic sensation of fingers touching.
Google says the virtual tools can approximate the precision of natural human hand motion and the sensor can be embedded in wearables, phones, computers and vehicles.
In March, Google asked the FCC to allow its short-range interactive motion sensing Soli radar to operate in the 57- to 64-GHz frequency band at power levels consistent with European Telecommunications Standards Institute standards.
Facebook raised concerns with the FCC that the Soli sensors operating in the spectrum band at higher power levels might have issues coexisting with other technologies.
After discussions, Google and Facebook jointly told the FCC in September that they agreed the sensors could operate at higher than currently allowed power levels without interference but at lower levels than previously proposed by Google.
Facebook told the FCC in September that it expected a “variety of use cases to develop with respect to new radar devices, including Soli.”
The Soli devices can be operated aboard aircraft but must still comply with Federal Aviation Administration rules governing portable electronic devices.
If you’ve been hoping for a way to track your use of Microsoft’s apps at work, good news: The company’s “fitness tracker for work,” 
, has 
 to all Office 365 users, as well as Microsoft 365 Enterprise and Business suite users with Exchange Online.
MyAnalytics is a personalized dashboard that provides a summary of the hours you spend in meetings, using email, “focusing,” and working after hours, as well as suggestions on how to reduce unproductive meeting times and post-schedule work. It can also use AI to analyze your emails, automatically creating to-do items based on commitments contained in your messages.
Currently, MyAnalytics summaries are based largely upon use of Microsoft’s Outlook and Skype for Business apps, but later this month, they will also begin to include insights taken from Microsoft Teams, OneDrive, and SharePoint. Additional MyAnalytics features for the suites are expected over the next two months.
MyAnalytics 
 for Business Premium E5 users, having come from Delve Analytics. In addition to Office 365 support, it’s also available for Business Essentials users, as well as Business Premium E1, E3, and E5 plans.
Since a goal of MyAnalytics is to help users avoid burnout at work, adding tracking support for more apps will help users get a better sense of how their working time is being spent — albeit with the need to use the dashboard, background monitoring, and weekly MyAnalytics emails to analyze your workflows. Regardless, Microsoft says that it hopes “to make work days around the world a little more balanced and fulfilling” by expanding the tracker’s availability to millions of additional customers.
Obituaries circulated for 
 soon after Apple 
, and justifiably so. Originally promised for 2018, the wireless charging mat certainly wasn’t the first Apple product to miss its expected release date, but as a general statement, Apple explains and reschedules troubled products rather than making them disappear and going silent. Scrubbing the site of all AirPower mentions was an atypically bad sign.
Based on evidence available at the time, including insider claims of 
, I strongly believed that AirPower had been canceled or put on an indefinite re-engineering hold — either reason should have compelled Apple to tell customers that they wouldn’t be getting the product they expected in 2018. Only two reasons strike me as plausible explanations for Apple’s continued silence: It doesn’t actually know when AirPower’s coming out, or it’s concerned about a massive class action lawsuit by lawyers representing iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, iPhone X, AirPods, and Apple Watch Series 3 owners.
Absent any announcement from Apple, I’m inclined to believe the latter explanation. There have been countless opportunities for Apple to say something, including responding to journalists’ AirPower queries following big public events in September and October, or issuing a brief statement through a representative at any time before 2018 ended. The lack of any AirPower communication explains why writers were ready with “AirPower misses 2018” tweets and articles the moment the clock struck 2019 anywhere in the world.
Canceling AirPower would present Apple with a unique problem: It was prominently marketed alongside multiple 2017-2018 Apple products as a way — arguably the exclusive way — to enjoy a major new feature of the devices, intelligent wireless charging. The iPhone 8, 8 Plus, and X were the first iPhones to support any type of wireless charging, and AirPower went further, promising that iPhone screens would offer live status updates on simultaneously charging AirPods and Apple Watches. AirPower’s charging system was supposed to be so sophisticated that it required at least an Apple Watch Series 3, and AirPods would require a new wireless charging case, too.
This could be a legal disaster for Apple. iPhone, AirPods, and Apple Watch customers who say they bought their devices specifically to use with AirPower could be entitled to partial refunds. When a product fails to deliver a marketed capability, class action lawsuits tend to focus not on 
 refunds are due, but 
 the refunds should be, and 
 people are entitled to them. If Apple explicitly confirms AirPower is dead, you can be sure that class action lawsuits will follow, with tens of millions of potential claimants in the pool.
Measuring damages could be interesting. Apple would likely argue that its customers weren’t harmed at all, since they never had to purchase the multi-device charging mat or optional AirPods charging case, neither of which would have been cheap. But class action attorneys will say that the promised feature was marketed as a convenience, and a way to get customers to buy new iPhones, Apple Watches, and AirPods, all of which were supposed to be easy to charge together.
In order to show damages, a customer might need to prove that she bought both a new iPhone and either AirPods or a new Apple Watch after AirPower was announced, then unsuccessfully sought other wireless charging options. Apple may have never updated iOS with the intelligent multi-charging feature, but it did offer new iPhone and Apple Watch-compatible single-device wireless chargers through its online store. Some third-party accessory makers have stepped up with AirPower-esque alternatives, as well.
Apple’s website scrubbing was likely an attempt to mitigate customers’ damage claims. The company effectively stopped all marketing of AirPower after a year, pulling all references from existing pages, then omitting the accessory from newer iPhone and Apple Watch pages when they debuted in September. Tiny AirPower references have since been spotted in certain recent device pamphlets and user guides, but apart from the speculation they’ve caused — namely, that AirPower hasn’t been canceled — they’re not marketing the accessory.
Even so, interest in AirPower has continued, and as long as Apple says nothing on the record, it is allowing at least some customers to keep believing that the accessory is still in the works. As painful as it might be to make a final status update announcement at this stage, doing so could limit the accrual of further customer damages, and finally bring this long-unresolved issue to rest.
      
    
      
    
  
BETHESDA, Md.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–January 2, 2019–
      BrainScope
, a medical neuro-technology company focused on       concussion and mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI) assessment, announced       today that it has received FDA clearance to include additional language       in its product’s Indications for Use (IFU), adding key terminology       related to “multi-modal, multi-parameter assessment” of “concussion” and       “mild Traumatic Brain Injury”, as well as an expanded and clarified       overall IFU. In addition to being able to objectively and reliably       identify patients who may have a brain bleed using the product’s       Structural Injury Classifier, 
 uses the same       electroencephalogram (EEG) signal and other capabilities on the device       to objectively determine the likelihood of the presence and severity of       a concussion. All capabilities are summarized on a panel of multimodal,       multi-parameter results, greatly facilitating clinical concussion       assessment.    
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: 
The company’s innovative BrainScope One system is an easy-to-use, non-invasive, hand-held platform that empowers physicians to make more accurate TBI assessments quickly and at the point-of-care. BrainScope’s unique system leverages advanced digital signal processing, sophisticated algorithms and machine learning technologies to identify and evaluate key brain electrical activity biomarkers of TBI. BrainScope One also includes digitized versions of standard clinical assessments for milder forms of TBI known as concussion. (Photo: BrainScope Company Inc.)  
      “This additional FDA labeling for our product, 
,       recognizes the unique capabilities of our FDA-Cleared medical device       with labeling distinctively and specifically for this particular disease       state,” stated Michael Singer, CEO of BrainScope. “Years ago in working       with our partner, the Department of Defense, we realized and learned       from them the importance of multi-modality and objectivity. Combining a       full range of concussion assessment capabilities on one handheld       platform provides the clinician a timely and easy-to-use tool for       collecting the objective data they need to facilitate their clinical       diagnosis, right then and there, for this debilitating brain disease       state.”    
      “Throughout most of 2018, we maintained an interactive dialogue with the       FDA on the labeling pertaining to our concussion assessment capabilities       and, as part of this ongoing discussion, we provided substantial data       for their consideration. This has led to BrainScope’s 6
 FDA       Clearance. This thorough vetting by the FDA shows our commitment to and       respect for adherence to the regulatory process as it relates to human       brain health, and in particular to the increasing national awareness of       the significant problem of concussion,” added Singer.    
      BrainScope further announced that with a global patent portfolio of over       100 issued and pending patents, a substantial portion of these patents       relate specifically to multi-modality capabilities applicable to all       neurological conditions and disease states. “For over a decade, we have       created a platform comprised of unparalleled AI-based technology,       clinical evidence, peer-reviewed literature and regulatory knowledge,       supported by a vast IP portfolio. Given our success in developing 
 for mTBI and concussion assessment, we have received       considerable interest from third-parties to further develop the       BrainScope multi-modal assessment platform for other neurological       disease states beyond concussion,” stated Singer.    
      
    
      BrainScope’s mission is to revolutionize the rapid and objective       assessment of brain-related conditions, starting with concussion and       mild traumatic brain injury, utilizing multiple integrated assessment       capabilities, artificial intelligence (AI) and digitization within a       culture of quality, excellence and entrepreneurialism. The Company’s       first product, 
(cleared as Ahead 300),       incorporates a multi-modal, multi-parameter panel of assessment       capabilities including EEG-based technology that is non-invasive for       mildly presenting head-injured patients, 18-85 years old, within 3 days       after injury and is not a replacement to CT scan. BrainScope’s       technology platform integrates databases of thousands of brainwave       recordings with AI technology and miniaturized hardware and disposable       headset sensors, all of which are covered by an extensive intellectual       property portfolio of over 100 issued and pending patents globally.       BrainScope has received six FDA clearances and ISO 13485 Certification.       It has 25 peer-reviewed publications on its technology. Recent white       papers authored by third parties have shown the potential for 
 to decrease unnecessary head CT scans by one-third, to reduce       head injury referrals to hospital emergency departments by up to 75%,       and to reduce healthcare costs for payors and patients by over 30%.    
      BrainScope has partnered with the U.S. Department of Defense for the       development of its mTBI and concussion assessment technology, and 
 is currently being fielded by the U.S. military, both stateside       and internationally. 
 is also being utilized       in a cross-section of market segments including: urgent care and       occupational health clinics; concussion clinics; hospital emergency       rooms; university sports and student health centers; professional       sports; and pharmaceutical clinical trials. BrainScope has been the       recipient of several prestigious awards, including the Frost & Sullivan       2017 Best Practices Award for New Product Innovation in the Traumatic       Brain Injury Assessment Solutions Market, was a two-time winner of the       GE-NFL Head Health Challenge, and has received two nominations for the       Prix Galien Best Medical Technology (2017 and 2018), regarded as the       equivalent of the Nobel Prize for medical devices. For more information,       please visit 
.    
      Laurie Silver, Chief Financial Officer
240.752.7680       x1002    
China is finally permitting new games to begin earning revenue there for 
. The country issued 80 licenses to primarily domestic developers making mobile games. This will enable these apps to go on sale or to begin offering premium in-game purchases.
The Chinese State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film, and Television that regulates video games 
. This should help investors regain some confidence about the $30 billion Chinese gaming industry. It should also help bolster the stock price for major domestic publishers like Tencent and Netease — although that may take some time.
While China did approve of 80 games, not a single one of those came from Tencent or Netease. The SAPPRFT did not explain why it chose some games and not others, but it seems likely that the country’s two biggest gaming companies will get some new licenses of their own soon. And both publishers have games in waiting. In particular, 
, which cannot generate revenue in China yet despite having a massive audience.
So gaming in China is back — although it never really went away. While the government didn’t approve new licenses since March, people were still playing older games. And 
 to continue buying new releases. Valve is planning to work with Chinese publisher Perfect World to bring an official and approved version of Steam to the country. For now, however, gaming fans can access a censorship-free version that bypasses state regulations.
But if people were continuing to buy and play games, why then did China ever freeze approvals? Well, the SAPPRFT isn’t sharing any answers. A governmental reshuffling did create leadership vacuums among multiple gaming oversight ministries. But at the same time, Chinese officials have begun expressing concerns about the effects of gaming on children.
In early December, 
, which has the job of assessing games for content. If certain new releases don’t meet Chinese standards, the OGEC can deny approval or demand content changes.
And so China has ended its gaming freeze, but it has done so only after getting a handle on a new approval process that could prove strict for domestic and foreign developers alike.
 Apple on Wednesday cut its current quarter revenue forecast, citing fewer iPhone upgrades and weak sales in China.
The company forecast $84 billion in revenue for the first quarter, which is below analysts’ estimate of $91.5 billion, according to IBES data from Refinitiv.
Apple 
 a revenue of between $89 billion and $93 billion for the current quarter.
“While we anticipated some challenges in key emerging markets, we did not foresee the magnitude of the economic deceleration, particularly in Greater China,” Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said in a 
.
“In fact, most of our revenue shortfall to our guidance, and over 100 percent of our year-over-year worldwide revenue decline, occurred in Greater China across iPhone, Mac and iPad.”
A slew of brokerages had reduced their first-quarter production estimates for iPhones after several component makers forecast 
, leading some market watchers to call the peak for iPhones in several key markets.
Apple shares, which were halted prior to the news, closed marginally up at $157.92.
Home appliances waste more energy than you might think. Incandescent light bulbs consume 20 percent to 80 percent more electricity than energy-efficient alternatives, like compact fluorescent lamps (CFLs) and light-emitting diodes (LEDs). A single dishwasher, meanwhile, can draw over 1,800 watts per cycle.
That’s why Hasty Granbery, former director of software engineering at PayPal, in 2015 founded 
, a Palo Alto startup devoted to creating 
 that reduce energy consumption. In November 2018, fresh off a $7 million funding round, Currant debuted its first AI-powered product — the 
. And this year, at the 2019 Consumer Electronics Show in January, it’ll formally unveil the Smart Wall Outlet, an in-wall smart outlet similarly driven by machine learning.
“We are on a mission to help reduce the insanely high levels of energy consumption in the United States,” Granberry said. “To that end, we are thrilled to announce our newest offering in what will be a long line of energy-saving smart home and commercial products.”
Currant says the Smart Wall Outlet, much like the Smart Outlet, was designed by the studio behind the Nest thermostat (
) and calibrated using high-precision test equipment. It comes in two versions — a 15-amp model designed for the home market and 20-amp commercial variant — that feature duplex tamper-resistant receptacles, and it connects to the internet via a local Wi-Fi or Bluetooth network.
The outlet records electrical usage stats and sends them to a companion smartphone app (on Android and iOS) for AI-driven analysis, which graphs power usage in real time (by hour, day, month, or year), toggles outlet-specific rules that run on a schedule, and offers personalized energy-saving recommendations. There’s no complicated setup or configuration involved — the app detects plugged-in devices and the Smart Wall Outlet automatically.
Perhaps the best thing about the Smart Wall Outlet is that it can be monitored and controlled remotely, beyond the confines of home Wi-Fi. Niftily, it also works with voice assistants like Amazon’s Alexa and Google Home — simple commands switch the Smart Wall Outlet on or off.
Currant isn’t the first to drive power insights with AI, of course. Products like 
 operate at the fuse box level, and wireless in-wall outlets such as those in ConnectSense’s portfolio offer a degree of control over plugged-in devices through Apple’s HomeKit, IFTTT, and other platforms.
But Granbery contends that when it comes to monitoring, the Smart Wall Outlet leads the way in accuracy because it can detect energy hogs that draw low amounts of power over long periods.
“Currant Smart Outlets will work in essentially every environment — home or commercial space,” Granbery said. “We can help anyone cut energy consumption, save money, and make a positive impact on our world without any inconvenience to their day-to-day lives or activities.”
Alongside the Smart Wall Outlet, Currant today revealed a forthcoming software upgrade for the Smart Outlet that’ll imbue it with new features, one of which locks the outlet so it can’t be turned on or off except through the app. Another new tool will offer alerts that notify you when per-outlet rules take effect, and when plugged-in devices are using power.
Currant has yet to announce pricing for the Smart Wall Outlet but said that it’ll be available for purchase in the coming months.
Though its 
 was focused on enterprises rather than consumers, top South Korean wireless carrier SK Telecom used New Year’s Day as an opportunity to demonstrate how 5G will influence both markets in 2019. Starting at midnight on January 1, the carrier offered a live 11-minute broadcast of the country’s largest New Year’s celebration in Seoul, relying on ultra-low latency livestreams over its 5G network for the footage.
While the “5G” value of the broadcast might seem subtle to average users, it’s actually more important than it initially appears. SK Telecom used 5G mobile routers and base stations to stream multiple live videos from smartphones running its T Live Caster app, delivering wireless latency comparable to a wired connection. Viewers were able to see “live” footage streamed with an under one-second delay, demonstrating how 5G smartphones will empower instant field reporting,
For the New Year’s broadcast, SK Telecom used high-definition rather than ultra high-definition footage and relied upon broadcaster XtvN’s transmission system to reach cable and IPTV viewers. The carrier says it will upgrade T Live Caster to 4K UHD quality and expand its streaming to reach personal broadcasting platforms later this year. SK Telecom is also working with DJI to stream drone-captured video footage over its 5G network, enabling both phone and drone users to become instant sources of broadcast video content.
“With today’s successful live TV broadcasting over commercial 5G network, SK Telecom ushers in a new era of 5G-based media services,” said SK Telecom SVP Choi Nak-hoon. “In this new era, individual creators will be able to provide high-quality live broadcast anytime, anywhere, via 5G smartphones.”
The current stumbling block is, of course, actual 5G smartphones. While Samsung’s carrier partners have promised 
, and other device makers are 
 for CES and Mobile World Congress unveilings, concrete details — including pricing and release dates — remain uncertain. 
 was announced last August as the first 5G upgradeable smartphone, but its 
 still doesn’t have a price or scheduled release date.
There’s never been a better time to work in graphic design. Thanks to a virtually limitless demand for talented and trained professionals who can create digital artwork and engaging user interfaces online, companies are scrambling to hire artists of all backgrounds to work in a wide range of exciting mediums.
If you want to be truly competitive in the field, however, you need to have the right tools and certifications under your belt. The 
 will outfit you with a thorough understanding of three of the industry’s most important and relied-upon programs in the 
 — Adobe Illustrator, InDesign, and Photoshop — along with the certifications you need to add weight to your resume. And right now you can land this extensive education for over 95 percent off its usual price at just $39.
With over 300 lessons taught by industry experts, this three-course bundle walks you through everything from the fundamental aspects of these in-demand programs to their most advanced elements.
First, you’ll learn how to create stunningly realistic images and designs in Adobe Illustrator, through instruction that teaches you how to produce artwork and understand the various issues and tricks that are associated with the increasingly important field of professional design. This course also focusses on built-in color management tools that will save you time on your projects.
Next, you’ll learn how to develop everything from composite documents to eye-catching manuals and journals using InDesign, with lessons that focus on how to create special effects, build rich color pallets, navigate advanced printer terminology, and more.
Finally, you’ll learn how to professionally edit photos in Photoshop, through instruction that teaches you how to import and manipulate images in different formats, create 3D images using plugins, work with colors for print productions, and much more.
Get the skills and certifications you need to be competitive in the increasingly lucrative field of graphic design with the Graphic Design Certification School for 
 — over 95 percent off its usual price for a limited time.
Living independently as an older person carries risks. One in four Americans aged 65 and older falls each year, according to the 
, and every 19 minutes an older adult dies from a fall. Health ailments like urinary tract infections (UTI) become increasingly common in old age, too, accounting for about 8.1 million physician visits each year. And it’s not just physical problems caregivers and older patients have to worry about — mental illnesses like depression affect an estimated 7 million older adults annually.
That’s why 30-year tech veteran and former IBM consultant Satish Movva founded CarePredict, a Fort Lauderdale, Florida-based 
 startup that aims to improve seniors’ quality of life with machine learning-driven wearables. 
 claims its platform can surface actionable insights that predict a UTI up to 3.7 days ahead of clinical diagnosis and depression two weeks ahead of diagnosis. The startup also claims it has managed to reduce falls by 25 percent in senior communities.
Those stats have investors impressed, it seems. CarePredict today announced that it has secured $9.5 million in Series A financing led by Secocha Ventures, Las Olas Ventures, and Startup Health Ventures. This brings its total raised to $19.7 million, following a $4 million seed fund round in December 2017 and a grant from the National Science Foundation.
A chunk of CarePredict’s change — about $110,000 — was spent this year on the acquisition of WiseWare, a startup that sold activity-tracking jewelry for older users in stores like Saks Fifth Avenue, Macy’s, and Nordstrom. However, Movva says the fresh capital will be used to focus squarely on CarePredict’s expansion overseas and its imminent direct-to-consumer product launch.
“With over 600 million people worldwide over the age of 65 years and a rapidly diminishing caregiving population, technology like ours is efficiently bridging the gap and ensuring that our loved ones get the constant, quality care they need and deserve,” Movva said in a statement. “Recognizing these challenges, our solution has been built to predict rather than detect through continuous observation and to do so with the least human effort.”
Above: CarePredict’s web dashboard.
To that end, CarePredict’s premiere product — Tempo — is a wrist-worn bracelet sporting a touch-button sensor and built-in microphone and speaker, along with sensors that detect what Movva calls activities of daily living (ADL). With the aid of sophisticated AI algorithms, Tempo’s able to sense ADLs such as eating, drinking, bathing, grooming, tooth-brushing, toilet use, walking, sitting, sleeping, and more and to communicate wirelessly with peel-and-stick beacons to pinpoint the rooms in which those activities are occurring.
The Tempo takes about seven days to learn a wearer’s normal activity patterns, and it serves up the data it continuously collects through real-time alerts, web-based dashboards, and self-serve reports. Urgent items — like when a wearer enters a restricted area or spends too much time in the bathroom — are sent immediately to care staff via the web, email, text, and CarePredict’s mobile app, while trends like infrequent eating get highlighted on a daily health and wellness report.
CarePredict is currently available in the U.S. and Canada for assisted, memory care, independent living, and home care, with service expected to launch in Japan, Brazil, Mexico, Argentina, China, and Germany “soon.”
Close to 10 senior living chains are already using or plan to use the platform, Movva says. CarePredict recently signed a multiyear agreement with Spring Creek Enterprise to install its Tempo system at a new assisted living community in Anchorage, Alaska. It has also committed to collaborating with SRI Management on a new assisted living center in Ocala, Florida and announced that Tradition Senior Living would use Tempo in two facilities that collectively provide care to close to 600 residents.
Also notable: In December, CarePredict was one of five companies awarded the Consumer Technology Association (CTA) Foundation’s Accessibility Contest.
“By measuring the activities of daily living of assisted living and memory care residents, the staff and management team of senior living communities will be able to identify valuable health care insights and be more proactive in delivering superior care. [They will also be able to] raise resident satisfaction and drive revenues, along with increased average length of stays,” Movva said.
A consumer version of Tempo will make its formal debut at the 2019 Consumer Electronics Show in January and become available in the coming months. Movva declined to reveal the cost structure, but to potential investors CarePredict once floated a price of $169 per Tempo sensor with a monthly monitoring fee of nearly $30 per month.
Forcing Alexa-compatible devices to speak to the Google Assistant might sound like smart assistant blasphemy, but that’s precisely what an enterprising hobbyist set out to accomplish with a Wi-Fi plug, a Raspberry Pi, and a little bit of elbow grease.
 reports that the intrepid technologist hooked up a Google Assistant-compatible wall plug — TP-Link’s HS-105 — to a Raspberry Pi via the plug’s internal control board. When switched on with a command from the Google Home, the modified HS-105 changes the output of a pin, which the Raspberry Pi detects. The Pi then runs a software implementation of the handshake protocol used by Woods outdoor-rated outlets, triggering it when it receives the signal from the HS-105.
It’s not the first time a hacker’s gotten Google Assistant to play nicely with Alexa hardware. Last year, a developer on 
 released an Alexa skill implementation of the official Google Assistant API that supports local search, IFTTT, and third-party Actions on Google apps. (It’s limited to 500 requests, though, and only responds to commands less than 90 seconds — not including those related to music, news, and podcasts; volume control; alarms and times; and third-party services like Uber and Philips Hue.)
In lieu of a partnership like that 
 last year, which saw Alexa come to Microsoft’s Cortana assistant (and vice versa), hacks like these will have to do. Amazon and Google have been trading blows for the better part of years in the smart speaker arena, with Amazon recently retaking the crown from Google in Q3 2018. The Seattle company managed to get 6.3 million Echo smart speakers onto eager customers’ doorsteps by Q3’s end, according to research firm 
, with Google riding close on its coattails with 5.9 million Google Home devices shipped.
The quarter marked something of a turnaround for Amazon, which ceded ground to Google in Q2 2018. 
 reported in September that the Google Home Mini was the best-selling voice-enabled speaker in the second quarter of 2018, followed by Amazon’s Echo Dot. And in August, 
 predicted that if Amazon were to remain on its current trajectory, it would see its share of the smart speaker market slip to 34 percent by 2022.
Overall, worldwide smart speaker shipments grew 137 percent year over year in the third quarter of 2018 to reach 19.7 million units, up from 8.3 million in Q3 2017. Some analysts forecast that the global smart speaker market will be worth close to $30 billion by 2024, and it’s no wonder: 
 estimated in July 2018 that 18 percent of American adults — around 43 million people — owned a smart speaker. That’s a lot of potential customers.
Some Firefox users yesterday 
 seeing an ad in the desktop version of the browser. It offers users a $20 Amazon gift card in return for booking your next hotel stay via Booking.com. We reached out to Mozilla, which confirmed the ad was a Firefox experiment and that no user data was being shared with its partners.
The ad appears at the bottom of Firefox’s new tab page on the desktop version with a “Find a Hotel” button that takes the user to a Booking.com page. The text reads: “Ready to schedule that next family reunion? Here’s a thank you from Firefox. Book your next hotel stay on Booking.com today and get a free $20 Amazon gift card. Happy Holidays from Firefox! (Restrictions apply).” A second version reads: “For the holidays, we got you a little something just for using Firefox! Book your next hotel stay on Booking.com today and get a free $20 Amazon gift card. Happy Holidays from Firefox! (Restrictions apply.)”
Mozilla is always looking for new revenue streams and has placed ads on Firefox’s new tab page before. Most recently, 
, which arrived in May, introduced sponsored stories powered by Pocket on the new tab page.
The Pocket offer was 
. The Booking.com ad, however, was something we had not heard of in advance, although Mozilla says it was actually the second such offer this month.
“This snippet was an experiment to provide more value to Firefox users through offers provided by a partner,” a Mozilla spokesperson told VentureBeat. “It was not a paid placement or advertisement. We are continually looking for more ways to say thanks for using Firefox. In a similar vein, earlier this month we offered Firefox users a free opportunity to enjoy a live concert from Phosphorescent. In addition to adding value to Firefox users, these efforts are intended to support an open ecosystem. When users see such offers, no data is being shared with a partner until users have made the choice to enter a relationship. We hope that this strategy sets a positive example.”
Mozilla’s argument that this is not an ad is understandable, even if it is false. The company wants to distance itself from the terms “paid placement” and “advertisement” because of the negative connotations associated with unwanted ads.
Ads can be useful — in fact, ads that benefit the user are what everyone should be striving for. But no matter how you spin them, they’re still ads.
Snippets are on by default in Firefox, but you can easily disable them. Navigate to about:preferences#home in Firefox (or click on the Firefox hamburger menu => Options => Home) and uncheck Snippets.
The description for Snippets provided in Firefox is quite vague: “Updates from Mozilla and Firefox.” The 
 offers a more detailed explanation:
The about:home snippet service is a simple, highly-cached content management service. It is intended to assemble and deliver content snippets to the about:home page in Firefox.
The content delivered is determined by details about the installation of Firefox requesting content — including mainly details about the browser’s build, locale, platform, and distribution channel, but not the person using the browser.
Mozilla uses Snippets to display tips about Firefox features or send a message to its users (for example, there’s one today that wishes you a Happy New Year). In this case, Mozilla decided to use the feature to test an ad.
, which arrived earlier this month, introduced a Contextual Feature Recommender (CFR), limited to U.S. users. Snippets have been around longer than just this month, however, and do show up for users outside the U.S.
Mozilla did not say how many users saw the Booking.com ad or how long the experiment ran for (we questioned the above statement’s past tense verbiage). We will update this article if the company follows up with more information.
: “The Booking.com snippet ran for five days and ended on schedule on December 30th,” Mozilla PR’s Justin O’Kelly said in a statement. “About 25 percent of the U.S. audience who were using the latest edition of Firefox within the past five days were eligible to see it.”
Dyslexia — a language-based learning disability that includes poor word reading, word decoding, oral reading fluency, and spelling — is fairly common. Some surveys estimate that one in 10 people, or about 40 million people in the U.S. and 700 million children and adults worldwide, have dyslexia. And according to the 
, 70 to 80 percent of people with poor reading skills are likely dyslexic.
It’s hardly a death sentence, but if left untreated, dyslexia can severely impede tasks like organization, planning and prioritizing, and timekeeping. And unfortunately, there’s no single test to diagnose it.
 might someday lend a helping hand. Researchers at the Israel Institute of Technology’s Laboratory of Clinical Neurophysiology and the University of Haifa’s Department of Computer Science claim to have developed an AI model that can automatically — without human intervention and with state-of-the-art precision — identify dyslexic readers.
They describe their work in a preprint paper (“
“) published on Arxiv.org this week.
“We develop a method that is based on processing gathered … signals,” they wrote, “and the use of machine learning technique for multivariate analysis … that we apply in order to analyze the differences between dyslexic and skilled readers.”
As the researchers explain, previous studies of dyslexia have indicated that key neuropsychological factors, such as timing and the level of activation between the visual and auditory brain systems, affect word decoding accuracy. (Chief among those systems are the posterior lobes, which are responsible for perception; the frontal lobe, which is concerned with behavior, learning, personality, and voluntary movement; Wernicke’s area, the left-side region of the brain that’s responsible for speech comprehension; and Broca’s area, which is linked to speech production.) One theory — the asynchrony theory — suggests that a gap in processing speed between brain areas during the word decoding process might prevent the synchronization of information, resulting in inaccurate processing.
To collect data for their proposed AI-driven dyslexia classification system, the team recruited 32 native Hebrew-speaking kids in grades 6-7 from two schools. Seventeen members of the group had a previous diagnosis of dyslexia. Over the course of 24 trials, they were asked to perform a lexical decision task (LDT), during which they had to judge whether 192 letter strings on a screen were meaningful or meaningless. As the subjects submitted their answers, electrodes placed on their scalps continuously recorded electroencephalographs (EEG) — i.e., measurements of electrical activity in the brain — and eye movements.
After a preprocessing step that removed blinking, loosed electrodes, and other artifacts in the data, the researchers calculated a signal — an event-related potential, or ERP — by averaging the remaining trials. In the course of extracting features (i.e., properties) from the ERPs, they divided them into several segments.
The researchers’ algorithm of choice was ReliefF — a model that “assigns relevance to features based on their ability to disambiguate similar samples,” they explain. Novelly, its architecture enabled them to identify regions of interest in the brain that had a disproportionate influence on classification.
After feeding ReliefF their dataset — which comprised, in the end, 27 handpicked features from each of the 64 electrodes — they evaluated the results. Trained on the best 60 features, the machine learning model managed to discriminate non-dyslexic test subjects from dyslexic subjects close to 80 percent of the time. And trained on only 10 features, it classified dyslexics about 70 percent of the time.
Intriguingly, the paper’s authors found that a particular portion of the brain — the left anterior — was of higher importance in overall classification. From this, they theorize that most of the differences between the dyslexic and “regular” readers are located in the left hemisphere.
“[T]he main results that were established in this paper are … using machine learning tools, a small number of features suggested by signal analysis techniques are sufficient to accurately classify dyslexic/skilled readers from EEG data summed up to an ERP signal … [O]ur methodology allowed us to go back and find the most important brain areas for the task, [and the] results in fact do correspond with current theories regarding the role of the left hemisphere ” they wrote. “Most of the information needed for the discrimination is … concentrated in parts of the signal that is traditionally considered as noise by traditional analysis techniques … [but we found that it] actually contains valuable info.
Popular streaming sites like 
 and Hulu have an incredible amount of content. With a single click, you can dial up most of your favorite shows and movies without having to deal with an increasingly antiquated cable connection — making it easy to binge-watch content any time, any place.
But when it comes to documentaries, these streaming services are surprisingly limited. They have a handful of popular titles but lack the trove of educational and fascinating documentary content that the curious mind demands.
 remedies this issue by offering a massive library of over 2,000 documentaries and series, and right now a two-year subscription is available for 25 percent off at just $29.99.
Brought to you by Discovery Communications founder and media visionary John Hendricks, this innovative service acts as the perfect combination of quality and quantity when it comes to both top-rated and lesser-known documentary features.
Each title on this service has been hand-picked by a dedicated team of professionals who know exactly what makes a great documentary stand out, and there are new titles being added on a regular basis.
CuriosityStream comes loaded with rich material that features interviews with renowned scientists and thinkers such as Stephen Hawking and David Attenborough and features unrivaled storytelling and visuals that demystify an almost endless number of topics under the umbrellas of science and nature to history and technology and beyond.
You’ll be able to stream this HD content on your desktop, mobile, and tablet devices, and discover new favorites and titles thanks to an intuitive recommendation tool that hand-picks what it thinks you’ll enjoy watching next. This subscription also grants you immediate access to all new content the moment it’s uploaded.
Uncover a massive trove of over 2,000 exciting and engaging documentary titles with a two-year subscription to CuriosityStream for 
 — 25 percent off its usual price for a limited time.
We may one day look back on 2018 as the year the great cryptocurrency dream died. And the case of banking startup 
 could serve as a cautionary tale about the risks that were always inherent in this relatively unregulated sector.
Founded in my backyard of Toulouse, France, Hush was a “neo-bank” that wanted to revolutionize banking by using cryptocurrencies and tokens to create a participative community service that would foster a decentralized governance model.
The company appeared to be credible because it was founded by Éric Charpentier, who had been the founder of banking startup 
. Charpentier’s past wasn’t without a touch of controversy, however. Two years ago, Morning’s operations were suspended by financial regulators, who accused the startup of mishandling funds. Eventually, Morning was acquired by French bank Edel, which continues to operate it.
Meanwhile, Charpentier launched Hush, which started 
 a 
 as the founders began 
 to raise between $17 million and $23 million. The company listed a host of notable advisors and was getting fairly good ratings for its
But Hush only 
 of its USH tokens, on the way to raising about $618,000. With cryptocurrency valuations plunging since the beginning of 2018, the tide was heavily against it.
While that was disappointing, what happened next left some confused and concerned. As the original target date for a September launch of the service approached, the Hush team went silent.
 that various providers and consultants “have not been paid and have no news from the founder.” Charpentier erased his tweets from 
 account and deleted his 
 account. The company also had an active Telegram account, but he deleted his account from there, as well. Hush’s 
.
After the Mind Fintech report sparked interest, France 3 television station 
 from Hush community manager Max Massat, who claimed the story was “exaggerated” and said: “Eric is now taking the time to manage his projects far from the pressure of his networks. We have decided not to justify ourselves. We work in silence. The real investors in the project know. We leave the fantasies for others.”
That was in September. Neither Massat nor Charpentier responded to my requests for comments. And there appears to have been no recent activity on the Telegram channel or any other public statements.
I did manage to reach Sébastien Bourguignon, a blockchain expert who had been an advisor on the project. He said in a LinkedIn message: “I didn’t have any news from Eric Charpentier since [the middle] of June, he didn’t pay me for the advisory [work]. I am in litigation with him.”
It’s unclear what, if anything, happened to the funds pledged. And it’s also uncertain what may come next. But for the moment, Hush appears destined to be emblematic of a cryptocurrency era that seems to be coming to a close.
 CEO 
recently told us how 
 helped bring back Atari, which, when Chesnais took it over in 2013, had $34 million in debut and a paltry $1 million in revenue.
Now, 
 reports that it has no debt, and it recently closed 2018 with good revenue growth (27 percent for the last six months) and strong operating income (up 87 percent in the last six months).
I talked with Chesnais about what he foresees in the year ahead. Atari plans to get back into the hardware business with the 
. And Atari is making games again — from original titles like Days of Doom to classic remakes, such as 
.
Chesnais said Atari is in better shape than it has been in the past because of the success of its Rollercoaster Tycoon simulation games, including Rollercoaster Tycoon Classic, which launched in 2017. And the company has organized itself into four divisions: Atari Games, Atari Casino, Atari VCS (the console division), and Atari Partners.
Atari has $9.3 million in cash, the copmany reported. It has $3 million in preorders for the Atari VCS, and it recently sold off Alone in the Dark and Act of War to THQ Nordic. The company also recently entered into a 
, which will partner on blockchain versions of RollerCoaster Tycoon Touch and Goon Squad.
Here’s an edited transcript of our interview.
Above: Atari CEO Fred Chesnais.
 Right, for the six months ending at the end of September. Just a few words about the numbers and what they show. The numbers are very simple. Revenue has grown 27 percent, at a profit margin of 20 percent of revenue. We’re profitable. It’s almost a doubling of income from operations. We’re generating cash. I think, no matter how the markets react, the numbers are pretty good.
What they show is a couple of key messages. Our biggest division, Atari Games, is still the bulk of our business. It takes time to reboot a company. Two years from bankruptcy, two years to redeem the debt. Now, we’re really rebooting. The games are still the core of the company, and they show very good performance. That’s the first message. We have a strong Atari Games division, covering both games and licensing. That’s software and the exploitation of software.
Our second business unit, online casino, is getting started. I think sometimes people don’t understand what we’re doing there, but for the moment, it’s licensing our properties for real-money casino games. These types of businesses, which are regulated, take a bit more time, but once you’re in business and have good games rolling — we’re applying for casino licenses online. We’re not doing anything physical. But even so, that takes time to build. We’re in a pretty good spot right now. I’d expect that second business unit to start delivering next year.
The third area, of course, is the console. These numbers do not include any numbers for the console. The money we’ve raised, we’ve just kept that on the balance sheet, and we’ve kept working on the product. These numbers don’t include any impact of the Indiegogo campaign or anything else related to the console. The console will start hitting in the next fiscal year and in subsequent years.
Above: Atari’s Lunar Battle.
 We have a very solid team diving into the project. I haven’t checked on Rob because I’ve been working on casino games. Michael Arzt, the head of Atari VCS, is really in charge of that one.
In a nutshell, though, we have very strong numbers. Games is doing well as the core of the business. Casino is starting to grow. The console, we haven’t announced any significant updates. The team will be working on something after CES to provide an update. CES is not contributing anything to the [profit and loss] at the moment. We hope it will be a strong pocket of growth for us.
 Right. That was announced two days ago. I just gave an interview on that one to explain what we’re trying to do. Let me try to summarize it. I think blockchain is here to stay. It’s here to stay in many businesses — finance, identity, and also in gaming. In gaming, it’s going to have a significant impact not only through games like CryptoKitties, but it’s also going to have an impact on developers. Everyone will create assets in the industry, and, with blockchain, you’ll be able to tag and identify and trace every asset.
Let’s say I create a one-minute song track or an environment or an animation or a character, an avatar. With blockchain, you’ll be able to tag that asset, identify it, and trace it. Especially with things like music, animation, or characters, if it’s used along the way by one game or two games, if it’s sold five or 10 or a million times, we’ll be able to trace it. As far as protecting creations, it’s going to be very interesting. That’s one of the applications of blockchain.
Inside games, we’ll see that as networks grow, we’ll have more opportunities to play with things we’ve never before understood. What we’re doing with Animoca, we’re creating a game using blockchain not only to have fun and try to make money but also to try to understand and find new ways of how blockchain will impact our business and how we can use it to have more fun — and also more protection. It’s about those two uses of blockchain.
I’m happy to work with Animoca. For the moment, what we have in mind is something like, you create a coaster, you blend it with another coaster, and then, you can share it or swap it or sell it and build your collection of coasters. That’s one of the applications we’re working on. But the broader picture behind this — how can we use blockchain in our business? Let’s start with a simple game, but everybody knows we’re going to find something that’s both fun and more useful for the future. That’s why we’re doing it.
Blockchain is here to stay. It’s the revolution for the next 20 years. Peer-to-peer decentralized ledgers, that’s going to affect a lot of industries. We don’t want to be the last one to wake up. We want to be among the first to work on it and think about how this can affect our organization.
Above: Atari’s Goon Squad will become a blockchain game.
 For our casino business, in the U.S., we’re only doing licensing of our properties to Scientific Games. We’re not an operator. In Europe, our second area, where it’s legal — France is a monopoly, so there’s no way we can operate there — for the last two years we’ve licensed our properties, but we’re going through the process of going direct in Europe and establishing operations to sell or export three types of games: scratch games, slot machines, and lotteries.
Our third area for that business — since we’re not going to Asia, not even for licensing — is Africa, which is very promising. Lots of things have changed. There are not many competitors. We’re in the process of acquiring the regulatory licenses to operate online casinos in East and West Africa. Here, we’re going to go direct. That’s my goal for next year, especially with lotteries on the phone, in key countries. For smaller countries, we’re working on licenses right now. It’s working quite well. I should be able to tell you more around GDC.
I know the numbers. I know what people are doing. I know most of the operators in the area. The numbers I’m seeing — we’ve not made any cash for the moment, but we’ve met the test in Europe. We know how the games are doing. We’re planning to over-deliver in 2019. It’s a very interesting business, but people don’t necessarily understand it in the U.S.
 We’ll have the team there, but we go to CES basically through our licensees — like the ones doing the Atari Pong table. They’ll have a big booth present. Most of our licensees are there. But we’re not doing anything direct for the moment. We’ll see in 2020.
Above: The Atari VCS home console is coming in 2019.
 Again, because we’re rebooting, we’re doing our own games. Our simulation games have an audience that’s very stable. It’s growing. They’re loyal. We’re not subject to changes like the big waves of Fortnite versus Call of Duty versus Battlefield. To me, what’s going on right now — it’s more important for us to remain in the casual field and try not to get into racing or bigger games.
We could do it. We could raise the money to do another game. For the moment, our strategy is still that we have a lot of things to do in simulation and strategy games. We know how to do these games. When I see what’s going on in other categories, I feel like we should keep investing in what we know the best. Of course, I keep an eye on what’s going on elsewhere, but strategy, simulation, and casual are where we’re strong. We don’t want to add a new core area. We’re going to stay with what we do best.
What I’m seeing in many areas is very volatile. This is almost the only industry, along with the movies, where you can have a new entrant becoming the king in, what, maybe two years? That’s pretty cool.
Above: Tempest 4000 is part of the Atari comeback plan.
 On November 30, we released our own game, Rollercoaster Tycoon, in China. We made it to number 47 in the app stores over there. I can send you the screenshots from AppAnnie. That’s really an achievement for us. We don’t trumpet things like this too much because you can never be sure about your approvals. We’re just going to keep working.
I feel like we got approved in part because it’s Rollercoaster Tycoon. It’s a simulation game. It has no message whatsoever other than, “Build something funny and have fun.” We’re working through a Shanghai-based studio. They’re big fans of the brand, and they were instrumental in pushing the game in China.
 I’m keeping my fingers crossed — but yes. We have two other simulation games — a transportation game and a city-building game — and our Chinese partner is looking into it. We hope to be able to have Chinese versions of those submitted to the Chinese authorities. They’re fun, casual, easy to play games. So far, we’ve had success with Rollercoaster Tycoon, and we look forward to more.
It’s more than just translation, just swapping Chinese for English. Our studio there has put in a lot of effort to create a Chinese version of the game. We’ve changed up a lot of assets to create a Chinese game made by Chinese people using the core game mechanics of Rollercoaster Tycoon. We’re also launching a Korean version. That’s being finalized for the end of January.
The future is promising. We’ll keep working. We’ve got our heads down on the VCS. There’s always a lot to do in these challenging and volatile times.
It’s New Year’s Eve, and if you live in the States, there’s a good chance you’ll spend the final minutes before midnight watching a 12-ton bright, glowing geodesic dome descend from a 141-foot flagpole in Times Square. New Yorkers have been ringing in the New Year with fireworks and a giant crystal ball since 1907, when Adolph Ochs, owner of the 
, commissioned Artkraft Strauss to design a display to commemorate the newspaper’s gleaming new headquarters.
In the intervening years, the Big Apple has become one of the world’s most popular destinations for consuming copious amounts of bubbly, attempting a few verses of “Auld Lang Syne,” and swimming through a flood of balloons and confetti. More than a million people are expected to descend on the city this week to participate in the festivities, up from the 500,000 folks who flew in back in 1998.
Contrary to popular belief, however, they won’t be 
 sequestered in Times Square. 
, a Los Altos and Tel Aviv startup that uses smartphone tracking data to help businesses make decisions, crunched the numbers from last year’s New Year’s Eve celebrations to uncover the holiday’s most popular hangouts. To make things easier, Placer’s data scientists focused on five city districts: Times Square, Chelsea, the Lower East Side, Gramercy, and Flatiron.
Above: Placer.ai’s analysis of New Year’s Eve 2017 foot traffic in Times Square.
The first trend the scientists discovered? The tourist-to-local ratio wasn’t as disproportionate as might be expected. Out-of-towners outnumbered New York City residents almost 2:1 in Times Square, but roughly 25 percent of New Year’s Eve partygoers lived in the city. Both groups arrived hours early; Placer says that last year Times Square reached peak capacity by 9 p.m. ET, with most people having come by 6 p.m.
Above: Times Square foot traffic on New Year’s Eve 2017, according to Placer.ai
Times Square wasn’t the only place hopping come sundown December 31, 2017. Chelsea was the top spot for clubs and bars, and a “big favorite” among locals, according to Placer — perhaps because of the Phish concert at Madison Square Garden. (Phish is scheduled to make an appearance this year, too.) About 41 percent of visits were to nightlife spots, while 30 percent were to restaurants.
Above: Pedestrian traffic in Chelsea during New Year’s Eve 2017.
What about the most popular place to dine year-end 2017? That’d be Gramercy and Flatiron. Placer reports that most native New Yorkers preferred Gramercy — 44 percent of visits in the area were to celebrated restaurants like Eleven Madison Park, Cosme, and Gramercy Tavern.
Above: Gramercy and Flatiron were where a majority of New Years Eve 2017 partiers ate out.
But when it came to nightlife traffic, the Lower East Side was the place to be. Residents were the most likely to ring in 2018 locally, according to Placer, and 64 percent of neighborhood visits were to nightlife spots.
Above: The Lower East Side was the place to be for nightlife during New Year’s Eve 2017, according to Placer.ai.
“Now,” Placer wrote in a blog post, “we can finally end the debate about which neighborhoods are best for your particular brand of celebration.”
The year 2018 may be remembered for its many launches, from 
 to 
. But for every new entrant to the technology industry, there was probably at least one company or product that went in the opposite direction.
As we approach the end of another turbulent year for tech, here’s a brief look back at some of the technology brands that bit the dust … or soon will.
Above: Lithium’s new Integrated Profile, now with Klout
In early May, social influence platform Klout stunned the world when it 
 before promptly announcing that it would soon be closing for good.
Founded in 2008, Klout offered a social ranking system known as the “Klout score,” but it 
 for encouraging people to flaunt their online “reputation.”
Klout had raised around $40 million in funding from some big-name investors before it was acquired by social customer service company Lithium Technologies 
 in 2014. Lithium later 
 but apparently saw no room for Klout as a standalone product on its roadmap.
Klout closed for good on May 25, 2018.
Above: Homepage of the official website for StumbleUpon – a search engine that allowed users to discover webpages personalized to their interests.
Shortly after Klout’s demise, it was StumbleUpon’s turn to 
 — after more than 16 years in existence.
Founded in 2001 in the middle of the inaugural dotcom boom and bust, StumbleUpon was among the earliest social content-sharing platforms to gain traction, and it has been used by around 40 million people. It was bought by eBay 
 in 2007 before being sold to investors 
 two years later.
Fun fact: StumbleUpon was cofounded by Garrett Camp, who went on to launch Uber in cahoots with Travis Kalanick.
StumbleUpon closed down in June 2018.
Above: Path mobile app
Once heralded as the next Facebook, social networking app Path 
 eight years after its launch.
Founded out of San Francisco in 2010, Path had raised nearly $70 million in funding from some big-name investors for its private mobile-first social network that limited the number of people you could be friends with. It was kind of the antitheses of Facebook but suffered from waning interest. South Korean messaging company Daum Kakao 
, in large part due to Path’s stronghold in Indonesia.
However, as of October 2018, Path is no more.
Augmented reality (AR) startup Blippar 
, bringing to an end seven years of hard work powered by $130 million in funding.
In many ways, Blippar was ahead of its time — the AR industry is burgeoning, but it still has some way to go before it attains proper mainstream adoption of the kind that Blippar needed to thrive.
After failing to secure “an additional small amount of funding,” which was blocked by a single shareholder, the only remaining option was administration, after racking up $43 million in losses last year. All employees were let go and the services, most likely, will be terminated.
Above: Google Plus in G Suite
Google this year 
 of Google+, the service it launched way back in 2011 with the intention of unseating Facebook.
The closure came after a major security vulnerability had been found, and the company was quick to point out that 
 of its enterprise-focused G Suite offering.
Google+ for consumers will now 
, four months earlier than originally planned, following the discovery of another security issue.
Above: Hangouts Meet: Tablet
Google 
 this year that the “classic” consumer version of Google Hangouts will be sunsetted, with users eventually transitioned over to Hangouts Chat and Hangouts Meet, 
 the company launched back in March 2017.
The company hasn’t yet given a timeframe for this transition.
Above: Allo Selfies
Google has exhibited a rather 
 over the past few years, with several different incarnations existing for similar use cases.
Back in 2016, the company 
, a messaging app with a bunch of smart features and integrations. Earlier this month, 
 that it is closing Allo down for good in March 2019, as the company prepares to invest more resources into 
.
Back in April, Google 
 to omnipresent email service Gmail. At the time, we observed that there was a growing feature parity between Gmail and its sibling app, called Inbox, which 
. We pondered what the future would hold for Inbox, given that Gmail itself was getting many of its features.
Gmail product manager Jacob Bank indicated at the time that Inbox would continue to serve as a testbed of sorts for new features that would eventually make it to Gmail. He said:
We’ve learned over the years that changing Gmail is really, really hard — lots of people rely on it to run their lives, so we don’t want to make changes frivolously or things with a lot of risk. And so Inbox allows us to test things out with a more forgiving population before bring them to all of Gmail. And we intend to continue doing so in the future.
Five months later, Google 
 in March 2019.
Google 
 of individual YouTube apps, including 
 which 
 as a destination for watching other people playing games — or to broadcast your own gameplay.
In September, Google 
, though the standalone app will still be accessible until 2019.
Above: Google URL shortener
Google opened its Goo.gl URL shortener to the public 
, and in March the company 
 it was deprecating the service. Existing customers can still use the URL shortener until March 2019, at which point it will be shuttered for everyone.
In July, Facebook 
 it was shutting down a trio of apps. One of these was activity-tracking app Moves, a 
 a Finnish startup back in 2014. Moves shut down on July 31, 2018.
Facebook 
 in October 2017 for a reported $100 million. Less than a year later, Tbh was dead, leading VentureBeat to ponder 
 a Facebook alternative these days.
Facebook launched Hello, a caller ID and blocking tool, for Android 
. The app was only ever made available in the U.S., Brazil, and Nigeria, but in July of this year it was pulled offline.
In June 2017, news emerged that Japanese tech giant SoftBank had 
 Alphabet’s robotics businesses, Boston Dynamics and Schaft. The Boston Dynamics deal went ahead, but SoftBank ended up reneging on the Schaft deal. Fast-forward to last month, when Alphabet revealed it was 
, after acquiring the Japanese robotics team 
.
Above: Theranos CEO Elizabeth Holmes speaks onstage at the Glamour Women of the Year Awards where she received an award in November 9, 2015.
Theranos rose to fame for its purported high-tech blood-testing technology that required only very small blood samples. But it turns out all may not have been what it seemed.
The 
 on the heavily funded health tech startup for a few years already, but with founder Elizabeth Holmes 
 and not a buyer in sight, the company 
 that it was dissolving.
Artificially intelligent (AI) systems have imbued robots with the ability to 
 with 
, and now, researchers say they’ve developed an algorithm through which machines might learn to walk on their own. In a preprint paper published on Arxiv.org (“
“), scientists from the University of California, Berkeley and Google Brain, one of Google’s artificial intelligence (AI) research divisions, describe an AI system that “taught” a quadrupedal robot to traverse terrain both familiar and unfamiliar.
“Deep reinforcement learning can be used to automate the acquisition of controllers for a range of robotic tasks, enabling end-to-end learning of policies that map sensory inputs to low-level actions,” the paper’s authors explain. “If we can learn locomotion gaits from scratch directly in the real world, we can in principle acquire controllers that are ideally adapted to each robot and even to individual terrains, potentially achieving better agility, energy efficiency, and robustness.”
The design challenge was twofold. Reinforcement learning — an AI training technique that uses rewards or punishments to drive agents toward goals — requires lots of data, in some cases tens of thousands of samples, to achieve good results. And fine-tuning a robotic system’s hyperparameters — i.e., the parameters that determine its structure — usually necessitates multiple training runs, which can damage legged robots over time.
“Deep reinforcement learning has been used extensively to learn locomotion policies in simulation, and even transfer them to real-world robots, but this inevitably incurs some loss of performance due to discrepancies in the simulation, and requires extensive manual modeling,” the paper’s authors point out. “Using such algorithms … in the real world has proven challenging.”
Above: The Minitaur robot taught to traverse unfamiliar terrain with the researchers’ AI system.
In pursuit of a method that would, in the researchers’ words, “[make it] feasible for a system to learn locomotion skills” without simulated training, they tapped a framework of reinforcement learning (RL) known as “maximum entropy RL.” Maximum entropy RL optimizes learning policies to maximize both the expected return and expected entropy, or the measure of randomness in the data being processed. In RL, AI agents continuously search for an optimal path of actions — that is to say, a trajectory of states and actions — by sampling actions from policies and receiving rewards. Maximum entropy RL incentivizes policies to explore more widely; a parameter — say, temperature — determines the relative importance of entropy against the reward, and therefore its randomness.
It wasn’t all sunshine and rainbows — at least not at first. Because the trade-off between entropy and the reward is directly affected by the scale of the reward function, which in turn affects the learning rate, the scaling factor normally has to be tuned per environment. The researchers’ solution was to automate the temperature and reward scale adjustment, in part by alternating between two phases: a data collection phase and an optimization phase.
The results spoke for themselves. In experiments in OpenAI’s Gym, an open source simulated environment for training and testing AI agents, the authors’ model achieved “practically identical” or better performance compared to the baseline across four continuous locomotion tasks (HalfCheetah, Ant, Walker, and Minitaur).
And in a second, real-world test, the researchers applied their model to a four-legged Minitaur, a robot with eight actuators, motor encoders that measure motor angles, and an inertial measurement unit (IMU) that measures orientation and angular velocity.
They developed a pipeline consisting of (1) a computer workstation that updated the neural networks, downloaded data from the Minitaur, and uploaded the latest policy; and (2) an Nvidia Jetson TX2 onboard the robot that executed said policy, collected data, and uploaded the data to the workstation via Ethernet. After 160,000 steps over two hours with an algorithm that rewarded forward velocity and penalized “large angular accelerations” and pitch angles, they successfully trained the Minitaur to walk on flat terrain, over obstacles like wooden blocks, and up slopes and steps — none of which were present at training time.
“To our knowledge, this experiment is the first example of a deep reinforcement learning algorithm learning underactuated quadrupedal locomotion directly in the real world without any simulation or pretraining,” the researchers wrote.
2018 was a big year for giant modern games like 
 and 
. But it was also a great year for fans of the classics.
, I celebrated 2017’s best game releases and moments that highlighted the industry’s more old-school side. Now it’s time to give that same treatment to 2018, which was just as exciting and fun a year for retro gaming fans.
Above: Dragons aren’t afraid of fire!
After Crash Bandicoot got the remake treatment in 2017, it was Spyro’s turn this year. And just like how 
 made three classic PlayStation platforms as pretty as any modern game, 
 took Spyro’s first three adventures and turned them into some of the most beautiful kid-friendly games I’ve ever seen.
Aside from the new graphics, all three Spyros hold up as great 3D platformers. I only dabbled in them when they debuted during the original PlayStation era, so I’m thankful this collection gave me a chance to fully appreciate this franchise.
Above: The 8-bit spinoff of a game that hasn’t come out yet.
Curse of the Moon is just a Kickstarter stretch goal for another game, 
. But it’s the greatest stretch goal ever. While Ritual of the Night takes inspiration from Castlevania’s nonlinear 2D entries (aka the Metroidvanias), 
 is an homage to earlier entries in the Castlevania series, specifically Castlevania III: Dracula’s Curse.
It has some of the best pixel art I’ve seen in a modern retro (enjoy that oxymoron) game, and Curse of the Moon manages to capture the spirit and feel of those classic, linear Castlevania adventures. I’m not sure if Ritual of the Night can match its quality.
Above: I mean, who wouldn’t want to play this game?
Digital Eclipse has done fantastic work porting classic games to modern systems. Just look at its efforts on 
 and 
. 
 is another successful package of classics.
While many think of ’90s fighting games like Fatal Fury and arcade titles like Metal Slug when they hear SNK, this collection celebrates the company’s older titles (mostly from the ’80s). It’s a fantastic opportunity to play the history of one of gaming’s greatest arcade developers.
Above: So cute.
Poor 
. I seem to be the only person who has anything nice to say about this retro console. Sure, it doesn’t have a library as good as what we’ve seen from Nintendo’s mini-console offerings. And it sucks that some of the included games run off of the European PAL versions, meaning they run slower than they should.
But I still have fun with the machine. Maybe it’s because I got a chance to experience games I never thought much of before, like Ridge Racer Type 4. Maybe it’s because of the overwhelming flood of nostalgia that hit me when I booted up Battle Arena Toshinden for the first time since 1995. Whatever the reason, I can’t bring myself to hate the PlayStation Classic.
Above: Don’t look back.
 was on this list last year, just because I was so excited about its announcement. Well, we got to actually play the game in 2018, and it was awesome.
Although it has fancier, more modern graphics, Mega Man 11 is a retro game at heart. It has the same precise jumping and shooting that made the classic Mega Man games so fantastic, and its arsenal of weapons and bosses are some of the most memorable we’ve ever seen from the series. It’s a fantastic blend of old and new, and Mega Man 11 stands out as my favorite retro experience of 2018.
 fell nearly 1 percent in after-hours trading today as the company filed a 
 saying that it plans to fire Spencer Neumann, the company’s chief financial officer. Activision Blizzard, the parent company whose divisions make the popular Overwatch and Call of Duty video games, did not specify the reason for the expected firing.
Such moves are rare, but they tend to affect stock prices, as any change in a company’s financial leadership is often cause for concern among investors.
The company said the firing for cause is “unrelated to the Company’s financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures.” The filing also said that “Neumann has been placed on a paid leave of absence from the company pending an opportunity for him to demonstrate why cause does not exist to terminate his employment or why termination of his employment is not otherwise justified.”
During the past year, Activision Blizzard’s shares have fallen 26 percent. But it is still valued at $35.5 billion. Neumann joined Activision Blizzard in 2017, after serving at Disney. Dennis Durkin, the company’s chief corporate officer, will take on the CFO duties for now.
 that Neumann, 48, received $9.47 million in total compensation in Activision Blizzard’s most recent fiscal year. We have asked the company for comment.
[Updated: 12/31/18 10:56 p.m.: Reuters reported that 
 as CFO].
 is an open-world role-playing adventure set during medieval times in Europe. Developer Warhorse Studios promised historical accuracy and realism with the game, and that didn’t come across while playing it. Instead, the developer ended up a medieval version of 
.
And the game’s bro-y vibe is why it wins the He-Man’s Manly Game for Men Award as part of our 
.
You can listen to us discuss the award in the video above or as part of 
 below:
In Kingdom Come, you’re a blacksmith’s son who hangs out with three other bros. The writing reduces most women to nothing more than potential sexual conquests. And if the women in the game aren’t someone you can try to have sex with, then Warhorse doesn’t really have any interest in them.
The best example of this is an early quest where you have to go mess with the Deutsch. Up to this point, the game has given everyone a name, or — in the Deutsch’s case — a nickname. But as part of this quest, you have to harass the German by getting his wife away from their home so they can throw cow manure at it. But the Deutsch’s wife is just called “Deutsch’s wife.” She didn’t get a name. She only existed because of her relationship to her husband. And to drive this point home, the Deutsch’s son shows up to fight you for throwing crap at his house, and the son, Hans, does have a name.
I found this all indicative of what kind of game Kingdom Come: Deliverance is. It isn’t as concerned about “historical accuracy” as it is about making a game for guys.
 is Twitch’s golden son. He plays Fortnite for audiences of tens of thousands of viewers. Ninja gained mainstream fame when he invited hip-hop artist Drake onto his channel, and he revealed that he makes $500,000 a month from viewers subscriptions. But while Ninja doesn’t hesitate to play games live with famous men, he refuses to invite women onto his channel.
“I don’t play with female gamers,” 
. “If I have one conversation with one female streamer where we’re playing with one another, and even if there’s a hint of flirting, that is going to be taken and going to be put on every single video and be clickbait forever.”
And that’s why Ninja wins our Bad Award for Why Is This OK In Video Games? You can listen to us discuss the award in the clip above or as part of the Bad Awards podcast below.
Ninja says that he won’t livestream with women because it will cause problems for him in his private life. And I don’t get why this is a valid excuse. He has no problem with streaming with men. He continues to regularly have male gamers on his channel, who then get the benefit of his audience. But he discriminates against an entire gender because it makes his life easier.
I find this especially frustrating because if a man in a similar position in other entertainment industries said the same thing, they would be ostracized. If a late-night host like Jimmy Kimmel said he would no longer invite women guests onto his show, he would lose his job. He could explain that it was to protect his marriage, and no one would care. He would lose sponsors and would likely face a backlash from his audience.
But Twitch continues to hold up Ninja as their big star, and huge companies continue to sponsor him. He’s not just getting away with his exclusionary behavior, he’s thriving. And I don’t know why this is OK in the business of video games and livestreaming.
Regardless of the industry, project managers are in increasingly high demand. Companies of all types and sizes are interested in hiring talented and trained managers who can help exceed goals, inspire teams, and eliminate waste — and these companies are rewarding these management professionals with lucrative payouts.
The 
 will give you the skills you need to join the ranks of these professional productivity gurus, and right now lifetime access is available for over 95 percent off at just $49.
With nine courses and over 690 lessons taught by industry experts, this bundle is ideal for anyone who either wants to begin or further a career in 
 As you prepare for some of the industry’s most valuable and respected certifications — including the CompTIA Project+, PMI-PMP, Prince 2, and Six Sigma certifications — you’ll learn about what separates mediocre project managers from the true pros.
There’s instruction that focuses on how to improve efficiency across the board at every stage of the project development cycle, how to define a project and secure funding, how to select and implement a service lifestyle and use key models that can trim costs and save time, and much more.
To help you prepare for your certification exams, each of these modules contains a series of hands-on exercises and tools that will help you stay on track to meet your goals, and there are a series of practice tests and real-life materials to ensure that there aren’t any surprises when it’s time to sit for the real thing.
Get prepared to ace some of the top project management certifications with the Project Management Professional Certification Training Bundle for 
 — over 95 percent off MSRP for a limited time.
 – Apple will begin assembling its top-end iPhones in India through the local unit of Foxconn as early as 2019, the first time the Taiwanese contract manufacturer will have made the product in the country, according to a source familiar with the matter.
Importantly, Foxconn will be assembling the most expensive models, such as devices in the flagship iPhone X family, the source said, potentially taking Apple’s business in India to a new level.
The work will take place at Foxconn’s plant in Sriperumbudur town in the southern state of Tamil Nadu, this source added.
Foxconn, which already makes phones for Xiaomi Corp, will invest 25 billion Indian rupees ($356 million) to expand the plant, including investment in iPhone production, Tamil Nadu’s Industries Minister M C Sampath told Reuters.
The investment may create as many as 25,000 jobs, he added.
The other source declined to be named as this person is not authorized to speak to the media. A third source confirmed Foxconn planned to assemble iPhones in India.
The Hindu newspaper first reported on December 24 that the Foxconn plant would begin manufacturing various models of the iPhone. Reuters is first to report the size of the investment and the kind of phones to be assembled.
Until now, Cupertino, California-based Apple 
 and 
 in India through Wistron Corp’s local unit in the Bengaluru technology hub.
Its sales in India have also been focused on lower-end phones – more than half of its sales volume is driven by models older than the iPhone 8, launched last year, according to technology research firm Counterpoint.
Apple launched the pricey iPhone X last year but has cut production of that phone, according to industry analysts, since it began selling the newer versions, iPhone XS and XR, globally this year.
Still, it could potentially get Foxconn to make the older iPhone X version in India where it sells cheaper models in a bid to get a bigger share of the world’s fastest growing major mobile phone market.
Full details of Apple’s deal with Foxconn are not yet clear and could change.
It is not known if any of the iPhone assembly is being moved from existing Foxconn factories in China and elsewhere. It is also unclear whether the production will be confined to assembly or include any component production in India.
Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller declined to comment for this story.
Foxconn said it does not comment on matters related to current or potential customers, or any of their products. It did not immediately respond to a request seeking confirmation that it was investing $356 million in Tamil Nadu.
Apple shocked investors last month with a lower-than-expected sales forecast for the Christmas quarter that jolted parts suppliers across the world.
Foxconn has previously expressed concern over demand for Apple’s flagship devices.
There’s a fake Amazon Alexa setup tool for iOS masquerading as a legitimate app, and it’s climbing the charts alarmingly quickly. One World Software’s duplicitously named “
” — it went live this week — is the sixth most downloaded app in the Apple App Store’s “Utilities” category and the 60th overall in “Top Free,” and it has managed to rack up over 9,400 ratings to date.
The app itself is suspiciously barebones, with a fake setup flow that asks users to supply their IP address, a device serial number, and a “name.” But judging by the reviews, it has managed to hoodwink quite a few Alexa device owners so far, many of whom have expressed frustration over its “complicated setup” and “instability.”
“This app doesn’t work. I got this as a present,” wrote one user. “I’m returning and getting something else.”
To make matters worse, One World Software’s privacy policy gives it free rein to collect a worrisome amount of personal information about the folks using its apps, including (but not limited to) “IP address, browser information, referring/exit pages and URLs, clickstream data … domain names, landing pages, page views, cookie data … mobile device type, mobile device IDs … and location data.” It furthermore discloses that the company might track users’ location and movements to “monitor the effectiveness of [its] service[s] and … marketing campaigns.”
While Apple polices its App Store, it’s not the first time an illegitimate app has slipped through the cracks. In September, 
 that the top paid utility in the Mac App Store — Adware Doctor, which has since been removed — secretly logged users’ browser history and sent the data to a server in China. More recently, 
 revealed that “multiple apps” posing as fitness-tracking tools were using Apple’s Touch ID feature to steal money from iOS users.
And the Alexa scam app’s rise isn’t terribly surprising, given the sheer volume of Alexa-enabled device sales this holiday season; “Setup for Amazon Alexa” is no doubt a top search term. Amazon this week 
 that shipments of the Echo Dot, Alexa Voice Remote, and Echo were up substantially from this fiscal quarter last year, and the company pegged sales of Amazon Fire TV, Fire Tablet, and Kindle products in the “millions.”
As of publication time, neither “Setup for Amazon Alexa” nor One World Software’s other questionable apps — “Marketplace – Buy/Sell” and “Any Font for Instagram” — had been pulled from the App Store. We’ve reached out to Amazon and Apple and will update this post if we hear back.
The app has been removed from the App Store, an Amazon spokesperson confirmed to VentureBeat.
 was busy in 2018. The venture firm had $7 billion under management and invested $650 million this year. It made 70 new and follow-on investments, with 14 noteworthy liquidity events (acquisitions or initial public offerings).
Norwest’s portfolio now boasts 140 active companies, and its big deals included the 
, 
, and 
. Norwest also closed a 
. The fund conducted a 
 and discovered that a lot of them have a fear of failure, feel unqualified, and worry about hiring the wrong people.
I spoke with Matt Howard, partner at Norwest, about the year in venture capital, and I wasn’t surprised to learn he is concerned about the economy. The events of the past 45 days, including the stock market decline and government shutdown, aren’t the kind of thing that investors want to see as they prepare for 2019.
Here’s an edited transcript of our interview.
Above: Matt Howard is a partner at Norwest Venture Partners.
 Yeah, we had a great year. The economy has been strong. A lot of things are correlated to the stock market when it comes to liquidity, whether it’s IPOs or M&As. We’ve been very busy, with roughly 14 liquidity events, 70 new and follow investments. We’ve added to the team: three partners, or technically four if you think of Scott Beechuk, who’s been on for 18 months, close to two years. The firm’s been around for 58 years, so it’s nice to see how we continue to grow and evolve.
 If you have a chance to look at the website, we invested $650 million in 2018 with some new investments that just came in. We’ve been pretty steady for the last couple of years. It’s a little higher this year. The highlights were Spotify, LinkedIn, and then Adaptive Insights being acquired by Workday, just to name a few.
 The last month has been pretty interesting. If you’d asked me that about 45 days ago, I’d say the market was like clockwork, but as you know, there’s been a lot of turbulence in the financial markets lately. That’s been the main difference of the year, quite frankly, how we’re ending the year with a period of uncertainty and turbulence. Interest rates and yield curve inversion, things like that, have caused some turbulence. But the year has been exciting.
 If you look through the areas that are creating introspection, I look at the yield curve inversion, which is pretty rare. The yield curve is a powerful thing. And I’m looking at what’s happened with China. As far as trade and tariffs and the political aspects around China, those are the things that I would highlight that have the most teeth in them, so to speak.
Now, to answer your question as far as how we think about it, the beauty of our — it comes from experience. We’ve been around for 58 years. We’re established. We’ve been through many recessions. We have a lot of institutional knowledge about how these things go. Being stage-agnostic, geographically — we do investments in India and Israel. If you remember, we do early stage venture capital and late stage venture capital. We have a growth equity practice. We’re in health care.
The beauty of that is we have the flexibility to invest across all asset classes. For example, if you make an early stage investment today, it takes a couple of years to build the product, build the solution. Chances are you’ll be in a much different economic period, if you look historically at how long recessions usually last.
For us it’s business as usual. But what you’ll end up seeing is valuations will probably come down for some companies. There’s always a slight inequality. You sometimes see a concentration, whether it’s WeWorks or Uber and Lyft. There are some companies that can raise capital, be high concentration. This can hugely impact some potential companies. But for some other companies, I think you’ll see valuations come down, because at the end of the day, a lot of things are correlated to the stock market. Psychology, liquidity, M&A, and IPOs.
Great companies have no problems raising — there are some companies in the top 10, top 20 percent as far as performance. Those companies raise capital in any economic climate. Great companies can go public in any market climate. There are companies that are galactic and they can just get it done.
Above: Norwest invested in 70 companies in 2018.
 It feels like, from an economic standpoint, we’re entering a period of uncertainty. There’s economic uncertainty, political uncertainty. Wall Street doesn’t like that. There will be a trickle-down effect for many companies on how to operate in that environment.
 There will be probably more interest in being on the early side of investing. You have a lower burn rate. You have an idea that’s potentially newer. There will be adjustments, clearly. You’ll see valuations potentially come down on the late stage. Liquidity, when there’s an IPO or M&A, will probably be highly correlated with the public market comps.
Now, there will always be companies that will trade and go public on the high end of the spectrum. There will be companies that will trade at the levels of public market comps. At the end of the day, things do trade for multiples of revenue or multiples of ARR or multiples of EBITDA. A lot of times that’s correlated to the public markets. But there are always companies like Adaptive Insights, which we sold. That company went for a premium to public market comps at the time, mainly because that company was starting to show operating leverage, and there was an S1 registration. You could see all the financial performance.
There will be some firms that we’ll look at, and it might be their first recession, if we do go into a recession. I’m not predicting a recession. But there might be firms that are new to that environment.
 In early stage investing you’re somewhat recession-proof. If you’re investing in a company that’s fairly new, you’re many months if not a couple of years away from going to market. One or two years from now, the economic climate will be much different. It’s hard to predict. You’re usually built in on a value proposition for tomorrow, not today. I think you’ll see a lot more focus on early stage investing, or companies that have EBITDA, that have operating performance. They’re not burning cash at all.
 There were extremely high expectations for blockchain and crypto as a whole. It’s been the wild west, both from a technology standpoint — the technology, when it comes to enterprise and consumer applications, has had some performance issues. A lot of people are working on making blockchain faster, with even more security and privacy. You see companies like CipherTrace and Chain Analysis trying to work on compliance. As far as ICOs go, we’re starting to see more regulation.
Next year will be a very interesting year as these new tools come to fruition, new applications are worked on. I’d put it in the same bucket as autonomous cars and AI. We’ve had a period of early adopters, early deployments, and next year we’ll hopefully see the year of maturity with these technologies.
We’re at the end of the year, and that means I have to figure out my favorite games of the year for 
. And that was tough. I played so much good stuff in 2018, and it didn’t help that a lot of those games came out just a couple of weeks ago.
But I’m really glad I get to do this because I think my list reflects how much gaming has changed. I doubt that anyone else in media is going to share my game of the year, and I think that’s awesome. We are in a time when it’s possible to find a game that is an ideal fit for you. So I don’t feel bad that games like Red Dead Redemption II or God of War didn’t click with me. Plenty of other people did love them, and yet I still had more than 10 games for my end-of-year list. That’s awesome.
Above: King Leonidas in Assassin’s Creed: Odyssey.
Assassin’s Creed: Odyssey is the ideal example of an Ubisoft open-world map game. It gives you plenty to do, but it also doesn’t overwhelm you. Ubisoft’s design also never gets in your way. It just wants to enable you to go from one fun thing to the next with as little friction as possible, and I love that.
Above: Astro Bot in action!
Astro Bot feels like the mascot for virtual reality. And in the little robot’s first standalone game, we got to experience the potential for bringing traditional gameplay mechanics into a VR headset. And then the game play with all of the potential of VR by creating challenges that require you to look around or move your body. If I had to suggest one game for a skeptical gamer to learn to love VR, I would pick this one.
Above: Doing what a spider can.
When Insomniac Games revealed it was making Spider-Man, it only had to nail one thing: the swinging. And it did that. The swinging in this game is at least as good as it was in the classic Spider-Man 2 from 2004. And this is also one of the better Spider-Man stories as well, which makes it that much better.
Above: I like the duck a lot.
Mutant Year Zero: Road to Eden is one of those December games that snuck up on me. I feel like it could be higher on this list if I had more time to play it. It’s an XCOM game with real-time stealth sections. And the better you do in the stealth sections, the better you’ll do the tactics portion of the gameplay. On top of that, it just has great characters with some sharp writing.
The Forza series is a series I’m still waiting to get sick of. I figured that would happen with Forza Horizon 4, but instead it’s the best entry in the franchise so far. A lot of that comes down to an excellent open world and rewarding progression. But also the game just feels better than ever as well.
Above: A slightly less frigid oasis from the wintry hell.
Frostpunk is a city management game about one of the last cities in a world that has frozen over. As temperatures fall, it’s your job to ensure that your civilization has enough resources to survive. That means having enough people. And managing your citizens is where this game is at its best. For example, you can choose to put your people to work for longer hours or for even 24-hour shifts. But if you do that, you’ll have to deal with discontent. And it’s up to you to find ways to deal with that. Thankfully, Frostpunk gives you a lot of tools to do that, and they’re rarely an easy choice.
The first thing I ever heard about Celeste is that it is difficult. And it is. But it’s difficult in that exact right way where you want to get better at it. And with its incredible controls and instantaneous restarts, I was able to build up my skill and understanding to a point where I beat it. Now, I just need to do those B-sides. …
Above: Gameplay of Return of the Obra Dinn, from Papers Please creator Lucas Pope.
Obra Dinn is a game where you play as a claims adjuster. It sounds boring, but it’s actually one of the best murder-mystery simulators ever. Your job is to figure out who died and what killed them. To unravel those details, you get these still scenes of the moment each character died with some sounds and occasional dialogue. You then need to note every detail — like what a character is wearing, where they’re looking, or what they’re doing — to determine who is who. It’s a satisfying and unique gameplay mechanic that really blew me away.
Above: Into The Breach in action.
Into The Breach is a mech tactics game where you fight against an army of giant insects. It is turn-based, but it sets itself apart from something like Fire Emblem or XCOM by telling you exactly what your enemies are going to do on the next turn. This creates exhilarating situations where you might stare at the screen for 10 minutes before realizing the exact set of moves you need to make the perfect turn. Into The Breach creates those moments over and over, and it’s a game I plan to play for years.
Above: Tetris Effect is very good.
Tetris is timeless, and Tetris Effect is essentially the same game we’ve played for more than 30 years now. What this game does that is special is meld the mechanics of Tetris with mesmerizing visuals, sounds, and music. It is often so beautiful that I was on the verge of tears.
Above: Beat Saber is a VR rhythm game played by swinging dual lightsabers at blocks.
Beat Saber is a game about slicing apart boxes with lightsabers to the beat of a song. It doesn’t have a huge playlist. It doesn’t have an overabundance of modes. And it’s not the kind of experience that people would think of as a VR killer app. It’s even pretty similar to other VR games like Audioshield.
But Beat Saber is one of the best games of the year because it’s better than anything I’ve ever played at turning your body into a controller. It doesn’t just force you off the couch, it encourages you to activate muscles in ways that you just wouldn’t otherwise.
Hitman 2 is a video game that isn’t ashamed that it’s a video game. It has a strict set of rules, and your goal is to find the best way to circumvent or exploit them to your advantage. And Hitman 2 excels at putting you in fun situations to exploit with intricate and varied level design and absurd characters. And few things in games are better than strolling past security that just turned you away because you switched into a hippie’s clothing.
I played Dead Cells so much that I hurt my hand. Even when I knew I had to rest to heal, I still found myself trying to find ways to keep playing it. It is the kind of game that excels at so many things that it almost feels unfair to compare it to other games. The movement is effortless and precise. Combat is a ballet of dodges, blocks, and well-timed strikes. Exploration has an incredible sense of risk and reward. And it’s one of the best-looking games of the year.
Oh, and beating the final boss was one of my favorite moments of the year.
Eco is a revelation. The reductive way to describe it is “Minecraft with more systems. It’s also an educational game about simulating the effect humans can have on the environment. The “Eco” name comes from ecology and economics. And it’s that last part that made this game resonate so deeply with me.
In Eco, you live on a planet with other real players. Your goal is to go from having nothing to having enough technology to destroy a meteor that is on a collision course with your world. In 30 days, it will destroy everything — unless you work together to stop it.
But your actions have environmental consequences. Throughout the game, you’ll always need wood, for example. But if you clear a forest, it won’t grow back. You have to exercise restraint and leave enough trees standing to ensure it can grow back and provide you more resources in the future.
The dual threats of the meteor and the fragile environment are inherently compelling. They create a push-pull dynamic that is enough for Eco to stand on. But developer Strange Loop Games takes things way further by enabling players to run their own legislation system.
In Eco, any player can propose any law they want. Strange Loop built a webtool that enables you to use if/then commands to create districts, limit when people can play, or prohibit players from hunting an endangered species. When you propose a law, it goes to a vote. And if it passes, it turns into a new game rule. And if the law has unforeseen consequences, you have to deal with those until the law expires or the players vote to repeal it.
The economic mechanics in Eco are simultaneously the simplest and most complicated part of the game. It’s simple because Strange Loop just gives players a couple of tools like store currencies, shops, and gold-back bank notes. It’s complicated because it has all of the nuance and phenomenons of a real-world economy run by human beings.
When I played, we tried to move from store currencies to bank notes, and I caused an economic collapse in the process. I wanted to rep John Maynard Keynes and stimulate the economy by giving everyone an equal amount of money. Others wanted to distribute it according to who had the most of the old, worthless dollars. It’s 
, but the short version is that I completely wiped out the value of the old currency by giving away millions of the GrubbBucks, which I controlled.
And Eco doesn’t simply enable players to dabble with the economy — it encourages you to engage with it on a deep level. You cannot hurt other players in the game physically. You don’t craft weapons or anything like that. That puts a lot of the emphasis on cooperation. But if you do get competitive and want to jab at someone, you can only do that through the economy, legislation, or ecological terror (someone did eventually put toxic waste on one of my properties).
Eco came out of nowhere for me. Some friends decided to give it a try, and I went along with them. Over the next three weeks, I fell in love because it was using the intrinsic elements of video games to enable me to play with economic concepts that I had previously only read about.
I used to think that games were best at enabling human beings to experiment with physics. We go through life with a body that deals with the constraints of physical limitations at all times. Video games empower us to play with and change physics to help us better understand our relationship to it.
But Eco made me realize that games are actually crucial for understanding our relationship to all kinds of natural and man-made systems. The thing that gives me chills is that I think it is only in games that we can play with economic systems. And I walked away from my experience in Eco feeling like I learned so much even though we had no instructor. No one was connecting the dots for us. We simply learned through play.
That’s powerful. And it has ruined me for a lot of other games that don’t believe in their own capacity to experiment with similar mechanics.
Looking for a new Google Assistant-imbued, Dolby Atmos-driven soundbar to drive your living room setup’s sound? Well, LG’s refreshed portfolio might be just the ticket. The Seoul electronics giant today unveiled a trio of new models — the SL10YG, SL9YG, and SL8YG — ahead of the 2019 Consumer Electronics Show next month in Las Vegas. And all three promise to pack a wallop without compromising on aesthetics.
LG describes the SL10YG, SL9YG, and SL8YG as “sleek” and “understated,” and the press renders seem to bear that out. The devices measure about 2.25 inches deep and feature a geometric, brushed metal aesthetic that wouldn’t look out of place in a high-end home theater. LG says they can be installed flush to the wall. Moreover, they’ve got built-in gyroscope sensors that gauge the speakers’ orientation and adjust the sound output accordingly, obviating the need to break out a laser level.
All three recognize the full range of Google Assistant commands (including those that work with the more than 10,000 smart home devices officially supported by the Assistant) and boast Dolby’s aforementioned Atmos tech, along with DTS:X. For the uninitiated, both Atmos and DTS:X expand on 5.1 and 7.1 surround sound setups to create more “immersive” experiences with multidirectional effects.
Unfortunately, there’s no word on when or whether LG’s new soundbars will gain compatibility with Amazon’s Alexa. That puts them at a disadvantage compared to the likes of 
 and 
, which tap Amazon’s voice platform out of the box.
But the SL10YG, SL9YG, and SL8YG arguably have a leg up where sound quality’s concerned, as a result of LG’s ongoing collaboration with British company Meridian. The latter says that its “bass and space” technique improves the soundstage and delivers more powerful bass and that its “image elevation” tech lifts that soundstage “in a more lifelike way.” Meridian also contends that the third component in its hi-fi suite — Upmix — can mix two-channel audio to multiple, distinct channels without generating distortion, all the while improving the sound field and “upgrading” the clarity of vocals and lead instruments.
“LG’s 2019 sound bars deliver amazing performance tuned in close partnership with Meridian Audio, with the convenience of smart AI connectivity,” Kim Dae-chul, head of LG Home Entertainment Company’s audio and video business, said in a statement. “The high-quality sound and versatility of our newest lineup takes home entertainment to a whole new level and satisfies a growing demand for premium soundbar solutions that provide impressive listening experiences, greater convenience, and stylish, modern aesthetics.”
The SL10YG, SL9YG, and SL8YG will make their formal debuts at CES 2019. (The SL9G has already picked up a Best of Innovation honor at the 2019 CES Innovation Awards.) When they begin shipping sometime next year, the company says they’ll play nicely with accessories like LG’s Wireless Rear Speaker Kit, which adds right and left rear speakers.
Despite some notable names like Dropbox and Spotify, 2018 turned out just to be a so-so year for tech IPOs. That trend softened even further in the fourth quarter thanks to global economic concerns, political uncertainty, and stock market volatility.
Which means conditions heading into 2019 are not exactly ripe. That said, the top 8 companies on the cusp of or considering going public this coming year could, and big emphasis on 
, make it a blockbuster year.
 CEO Dara Khosrowshahi has been pointing to next year almost since he came aboard, and now the company has 
 as its banker. The company is one of the world’s most valuable private companies, 
. Khosrowshahi will need to convince Wall Street he’s put the company’s recent troubles behind it.
 Said troubles of Uber helped create an opening for this ride-hailing company to make a comeback. 
 and may be looking to beat Uber out the door.
 This super secret data company is also supposedly eyeing 2019 for its IPO. Founded by Peter Thiel, the analytics platform that has deep connections with government agencies could be 
.
 It’s the social media site that keeps on keeping on, despite the fact that no one you know uses it, but yet still has a bajillion users. 
 and a valuation of $12 billion.
 Everyone’s favorite workplace app has 
. And it 
 to take it over the IPO goal line this coming year.
 Though it’s had its own share of regulatory challenges, the accommodations and travel service looks to 
 when it makes the leap this summer into the IPO pool.
 After raising a $300 million round of venture capital last summer, 
 is on track to deliver an 2019 IPO. We’ll see if the delivery company can make good on its unicorn valuation.
 Considering the grocery delivery 
 an insane $950 million in venture capital this year, there may be no hurry. But the CEO 
 — President Donald Trump is considering an executive order in the new year to declare a national emergency that would bar U.S. companies from using telecommunications equipment made by China’s 
 and 
, three sources familiar with the situation told Reuters.
It would be the latest step by the Trump administration to cut Huawei and ZTE, two of China’s biggest network equipment companies, out of the U.S. market. The United States alleges that the two companies work at the behest of the Chinese government and that their equipment could be used to spy on Americans.
The executive order, which has been under consideration for more than eight months, could be issued as early as January and would direct the Commerce Department to block U.S. companies from buying equipment from foreign telecommunications makers that pose significant national security risks, sources from the telecoms industry and the administration said.
While the order is unlikely to name Huawei or ZTE, a source said it is expected that Commerce officials would interpret it as authorization to limit the spread of equipment made by the two companies. The sources said the text for the order has not been finalized.
The executive order would invoke the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, a law that gives the president the authority to regulate commerce in response to a national emergency that threatens the United States.
The issue has new urgency as U.S. wireless carriers look for partners as they prepare to adopt next-generation 5G wireless networks.
The order follows the passage of a defense policy bill in August that barred the U.S. government itself from using Huawei and ZTE equipment.
China’s Foreign Ministry Spokeswoman Hua Chunying said that she did not want to comment on the order as it had not been officially confirmed.
“It’s best to let facts speak for themselves when it comes to security problems,” Hua said.
“Some countries have, without any evidence, and making use of national security, tacitly assumed crimes to politicize, and even obstruct and restrict, normal technology exchange activities,” she added.
“This in reality is undoubtedly shutting oneself off, rather than being the door to openness, progress and fairness.”
Huawei and ZTE did not return requests for comment. Both in the past have denied allegations their products are used to spy. The White House also did not return a request for comment.
The Wall Street Journal first reported in early May that the order was under consideration, but it was never issued.
Rural operators in the United States are among the biggest customers of Huawei and ZTE, and fear the executive order would also require them to rip out existing Chinese-made equipment without compensation. Industry officials are divided on whether the administration could legally compel operators to do that.
While the big U.S. wireless companies have cut ties with Huawei in particular, small rural carriers have relied on Huawei and ZTE switches and other equipment because they tend to be less expensive.
The company is so central to small carriers that William Levy, vice president for sales of Huawei Tech USA, is on the board of directors of the Rural Wireless Association.
The RWA represents carriers with fewer than 100,000 subscribers. It estimates that 25 percent of its members had Huawei or ZTE equipment in their networks, it said in a filing to the Federal Communications Commission earlier this month.
The RWA is concerned that an executive order could force its members to remove ZTE and Huawei equipment and also bar future purchases, said Caressa Bennet, RWA general counsel.
It would cost $800 million to $1 billion for all RWA members to replace their Huawei and ZTE equipment, Bennet said.
Separately, the FCC in April granted initial approval to a regulation that bars giving federal funding to help pay for telecommunication infrastructure to companies that purchase equipment from firms deemed as a threat to U.S. national security, which analysts have said is aimed at Huawei and ZTE.
The FCC is also considering whether to require carriers to remove and replace equipment from firms deemed a national security risk.
In March, FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said “hidden ‘backdoors’ to our networks in routers, switches — and virtually any other type of telecommunications equipment – can provide an avenue for hostile governments to inject viruses, launch denial-of-service attacks, steal data, and more.”
In the December filing, Pine Belt Communications in Alabama estimated it would cost $7 million to $13 million to replace its Chinese-made equipment, while Sagebrush in Montana said a replacement would cost $57 million and take two years.
Sagebrush has noted that Huawei products are significantly cheaper. When looking for bids in 2010 for its network, it found the cost of Ericsson equipment to be nearly four times the cost of Huawei.
People lose billions of dollars year to their banks, without even realizing it. But there is a new technology that is changing all that — and saving expats, freelancers, families, and SMBs millions of dollars a day.
Have you ever sent money internationally? If you have, there’s a good chance 
.
Generally, when you send money there are at least two costs: the fee and the rate. That’s because banks and traditional services often add a markup to the exchange rate they use to convert your money.
The trouble is that most people don’t realize the rate costs them extra when sending money. A lot more.
For example, if you send 1,000 dollars to euros, you might find that — on top of the wire fee — as much as 3-5 percent of your money goes missing along the way, in “currency conversion” costs. Suddenly a $20-30 wire fee can turn into a $60-80 cost.
The odds are, however, that you weren’t aware of that. Most people don’t understand the way this pricing structure works: in fact, 4 in 5 people underestimate the total costs.
Banks and traditional services have not built systems designed to process international money transfers in the cheapest and most efficient way. 
 get passed on to the customer in the form of a bad exchange rate, high fees, or both.
Essentially, while your bank offers you a host of services, when it comes to sending money abroad it’s unlikely to be the fastest, cheapest service. International money transfers are a peripheral service for them.
So if you live an international life, chances are you’re losing money in fees that you weren’t even aware of.
At the heart of this problem is a lack of transparency. That pricing structure banks and brokers use is incredibly hard for people to compare. However, the only way to understand which deal is best for you is to compare the true costs. Historically, that’s been hard to do (sometimes borderline impossible).
However, money transfer provider 
has built a
 that lets you easily compare the costs between multiple banks and brokers.

 
TransferWise was founded on the philosophy that moving money 
. That’s why the company always uses the real exchange rate (i.e. one with no mark-up or currency conversion costs): so its customers always know how much they pay.
Its price comparison tool is one way the company is shining a light on the opaque pricing structures in the international money transfer industry.
Not only does TransferWise show its true cost upfront, but that cost is typically a fraction of what a traditional provider charges. Its fee is generally between 0.35% and 1.5%, depending on the route and amount you’re transferring.
Those low costs have driven explosive customer growth for the seven-year-old company. Today it has over 4 million customers sending billions of dollars a month through the platform. The company estimates that it saves its customers millions of dollars a day in bank fees.
Netflix 
. Netflix 
. Up or down, the streaming service dominated conversations about the future of entertainment in 2018 as rivals tried to match it and Hollywood agonized about its impact on content.
Like that of many tech giants, Netflix’s stock went on a roller coaster ride, starting the year at $209.99 per share, soaring over the summer to $411, then plunging to $255.57 yesterday. Investors couldn’t make up their minds whether the company had become totally dominant or its massive spending on content meant that its business model was (wait for the obvious … ) a house of cards.
Whichever turns out to be right, the company’s influence can be seen everywhere.
Netflix reportedly spent $8 billion on original content in 2018, making it one of the largest producers in the world, with an overall content budget estimated to reach up to $13 billion.
In the third quarter, the company reported 137 million subscribers globally. What’s more, its streaming service is available in almost every country, meaning that when a Netflix original show premieres it can immediately target an audience almost no other service can reach.
That has left tech and entertainment companies scrambling to catch up.
Netflix is seen as a motivation for the merger between Disney and Fox, which will have a combined estimated content budget of $22 billion. Disney is slated to launch its own streaming service in 2019, where it will feature its Marvel and Star Wars content as they disappear from Netflix.
Comcast is also acquiring London satellite broadcaster Sky, for a combined content budget of $21 billion.
And, of course, Apple is now 
anticipation of its own possible streaming service.
But matching Netflix, no matter the content library, will continue to be a challenge, as Amazon has learned. Despite having some buzzworthy shows, Amazon video continues to offer a weak selection and frustrating user interface that make it unappealing.
Netflix retains a huge advantage in terms of both design across platforms and the data it has gathered from all those hours of viewing, which it uses to design new content and recommend more videos.
All this makes 2019 an intriguing year as the industry watches to see whether any of these efforts makes a dent in Netflix’s growth — and whether Netflix can keep up the pace to justify its debt spending on content.
For viewers, the year promises an embarrassment of choices. Whether that proves to be a good thing economically or creatively remains to be seen.
If you haven’t signed up for 
, now is a good time to do it in the holiday lull, when prices are low. Our newest speakers are Lisa Cosmas Hanson, Amy Jo Kim, and Raph Koster.
Our 10th annual GamesBeat event will take place in Los Angeles at the 
, a “micro-amusement park” that’s like an arcade meets 
 in the Arts District. And now, we’re ready to name our next three speakers for the event taking place April 23 and April 24.
 for GamesBeat 2019. Early bird tickets are just $595 for both days for a limited time only. For those looking for deal making, consider a VIP access pass for an additional $395 that includes access to a luxury VIP lounge, private meeting rooms, VIP lunch with yours truly, and more. And, as always, we have special pricing for a limited number of indie developers at $299.
The next batch of our many speakers are:
Our 
 include:
Above: Two Bit Circus is a micro-amusement park in downtown LA.
These new speakers will broaden out our content reach to include workplace issues in games, blockchain and cryptocurrency impacts on games, and the perspective of an Overwatch esports team owner.
Our theme this year is 
. Our speakers and guests will talk about the best practices for building sustainable and positive communities in games.
Strong communities can help boost the staying power and hit status of games, as loyal fans keep coming back over and over and spread word-of-mouth goodness about games in an authentic way. But it’s no secret that communities can be a double-edged sword, especially when it comes to topics like hazing, harassment, and rebellions against monetization tactics.
Game companies have to walk tightropes, and our hope is that GamesBeat Summit will point the way to the best strategies for building thriving communities.
GamesBeat Summit is the destination summit for networking, inspiration, and industry insight. With the right people in the room to make great deals happen, our flagship industry event attracts the hottest game developers and publishers, as well as industry CEOs, executives, marketers, and venture capitalists.
Above: Amy Jo Kim, game designer and startup coach, at GamesBeat Summit 2016.
Named by Fortune as one of the top 10 influential women in games, 
 is a world-renowned social game designer, community architect, and startup coach. Her design credits include Rock Band, The Sims, eBay, Ultima Online, Netflix, Covet Fashion, nytimes.com, Happify, Pley, and numerous startups.
Through her coaching practice, Amy Jo helps entrepreneurs & innovators 10X their product/market fit and drive long-term engagement. She holds a doctorate in Behavioral Neuroscience (along with a BA in Experimental Psychology) and teaches Game Thinking at Stanford University. Her highly-anticipated new book, Game Thinking, was published in May 2018. I had a great time on stage with her at the Samsung Developers Conference in 2017, where we talked about how game designers should listen to 
.
Above: Raph Koster at GDC Online in 2012.
Raph Koster is a veteran game designer who has been professionally credited in almost every area of the game industry. He’s been the lead designer and director of massive titles such as 
 and 
; a venture-backed entrepreneur heading his own studio; and he’s contributed design work, writing, art, soundtrack music, and programming to many more titles ranging from Facebook games to single-player games for handheld consoles. I’ve heard Koster give lots of talks over the years and he’s always insightful and full of observations about game communities, and so he is a great choice for our theme.
Koster is widely recognized as one of the world’s top thinkers about game design, and is an in-demand speaker at conferences all over the world. His book 
 is one of the undisputed classics in the games field and was recently revised for a 10th anniversary edition. In 2012, he was named an Online Game Legend at the Game Developers Conference Online. And in 2018, he published the book 
. Visit his blog at 
.
Above: Lisa Cosmas Hanson is managing partner at Niko Partners.
 is the managing partner and founder of 
, a provider of market intelligence on the Asian games market. She founded Niko Partners in 2002 and has spent the subsequent years analyzing the Asian PC, console, and mobile games markets to benefit Niko’s clients: global leaders in game publishing, game services, hardware, investments, trade associations and government agencies.
She has been a Forbes Contributor, and has built her 25-year career in the roles of Asian and specifically Chinese market research analyst, Asian and Chinese market entry consultant, Japanese equities analyst, and US-Japan economic policy analyst.
Cosmas Hanson has made numerous presentations to audiences large and small in North America, Asia and Europe regarding the games industry in China and Southeast Asia. She has appeared on stage at 
 multiple times.
She is also frequently interviewed by major news organizations, in print, online, and on live TV news, including The Economist, The Washington Post, CNBC Asia, Bloomberg TV, CCTV, Forbes, The New York Times, Reuters, Bloomberg/Business Week, VentureBeat and many more.  Cosmas Hanson earned an master’s degree in international economic policy from The American University and a bachelor’s degree in political science and international affairs from UCLA.
In her volunteer hours, Lisa spends time with youth programs to help empower students to be stewards of the environment through education, activism, and building Green Team programs in local schools in Silicon Valley. She believes in “peace through intercultural understanding,” and strives to do her part to exchange cross cultural information with global citizens.
We’re honored to have these speakers. They’ll be speaking in fireside chats on our business stage, and we’ll also figure out if they can contribute to our consumer-focused talks in a second hall.
We’ll ask them the straight questions that will prompt good debates, lessons learned, and news for the elite gaming audience.
At a lot of company-run events, we only hear happy talk. But we think that bringing the leaders of the industry together from different sectors helps refine the best thinking, and you often get wisdom from lessons that are hard learned. These kinds of talks and the chance for networking across sectors and industries is what will make our event unique in the crowded conference space.
Our event is going to be an intimate affair. And our location this year fits right with our theme. Two Bit Circus is a 40,000-square-foot playground for all ages, with entertainment that includes escape rooms, virtual reality experiences, a VIP loft, live interactive games, a robot bartender show, and modern versions of carnival games. Our attendees will be able to hear business talks in the Club 101 auditorium and consumer-focused talks in a second hall.
We’ll be taking full advantage of the environment by integrating contests and team play for all to participate in.
We’re still forming our topics around growing communities. The discussions will likely focus on the rise of virtual reality and augmented reality communities; exclusive and high-end game communities; esports communities; divided communities; massively multiplayer online worlds; the convergence of sci-fi, tech, and games; game jams; the future of game technology; monetization; the rise of influencers; and the oncoming changes from blockchain and cryptocurrency.
This is our 10th year of GamesBeat events, and this year promises to be the best one yet. Stay tuned as we announce more great speakers to our first-rate lineup.
I’m making my annual predictions for the game industry again, not because I’m good at it, but because it has become one of the annual rites of December for me. I’m usually wrong or predictable when I make my predictions, but one day I’ll get right. I can’t be wrong all of the time.
As the game industry grows beyond the 
 behemoth it was in 2018, I hope that I can at least help people plan for the future or take a guess about something that forecasters might not otherwise think about. We are what we pretend to be, and today I’ll pretend to be a seer. I have 22 years experience as a beat writer on games. But I have never programmed or designed a game in my life.
I do play them though, and I talk to a lot of people about games. I’ve written about 17,000 stories for VentureBeat over 11 years, mostly about what other people think about the future of tech and games. Once a year, I look back at last year’s predictions and try to get into prediction mode. You’ll see some familiar themes that we will explore in our upcoming 
 event in Los Angeles.
First, I’ll give myself grades for last year’s predictions, and then I’ll make 12 new ones. For the usual comparison and embarrassment, here are my predictions for 
, 
, 
, 
, 
 and 
.
Above: Red Dead Redemption 2
I was right that the much-delayed game would debut in 2018. I felt this 
 deserved Game of the Year, after I played through 105 missions for more than 50 hours. It was a rare beauty of a game, with more than 3,000 people contributing to it over the course of eight years. But it was edged out at The Game Awards by 
, and GamesBeat’s own team outvoted me and gave that title to another game. Yet Rockstar Games may have the last laugh, as the game is a huge commercial success and could generate more than 
 sold in its first two months of sales. Let’s just say I was almost right.
Above: Nintendo Switch
Nintendo has had good lifetime sales for the Switch so far, selling an estimated 25 million units since March 2017. It is more successful than its predecessor, the Wii U, by far. But it’s unclear which console sold the most units in 2018, as none of the parties have reported sales yet, and the all-important month of December still has to play out. In the second fiscal quarter ended September 30, sales were kind of disappointing.
Above: The Monk in Diablo: Immortal.
I was right about this one, but I didn’t think Blizzard Entertainment would be the instigator. When Blizzard promised a new glimpse of a Diablo game for BlizzCon 2018, gamers got their hopes up. But they were very upset to find out that 
. They feared, wrongly, that Blizzard wasn’t working on a big PC title related to Diablo. Epic Games’ popular Fortnite title also got some hit from the hip hop artist 2 Milly, who claimed 
 dance as an emote in the battle royale game. Even the companies with the best intentions and the best hardcore line-ups can run afoul of the internet haters. That’s something we’ll address at our 
 event, where the theme is about building gaming communities.
Above: Oculus Go.
Facebook did indeed launch a price war in virtual reality with its $200 standalone Oculus Go VR headset in 2018. But that system didn’t ignite a boom in VR sales. The Sony PlayStation VR continued to sell, but it felt like the whole industry was pivoting to VR arcades throughout the year. Facebook’s Oculus will try again in the spring of 2019 with the launch of the Oculus Quest, a wireless headset with full hands-on controllers. But for now, the consumer reaction to VR is quite muted.
Above: Pokemon now appear at scale in augmented reality.
Augmented reality still hasn’t taken off the way anyone hoped or predicted. There’s a lot of it on mobile devices, like Pokémon Go and Jurassic World: Alive. But AR headsets are so expensive that they’re being targeted at enterprises. And there aren’t any AR apps in the top 100 grossing mobile games, unless you count 
. But that was an add-on to a popular game.
Magic Leap began selling the developer version of its AR headset, dubbed the Magic Leap One Creator Edition. But it was priced at $2,300, and very few people were able to enjoy it as a consumer technology in 2018. Like VR, it looks like AR is going to be a slow-cook experience.
Above: PewDiePie doesn’t want to be considered with Nazis, but his language isn’t helping.
Influencers got more popular than ever. Dominique “
” McLean and 
 are making lots of money showing off their skills and entertaining people at the same time.
But it didn’t seem like the bad boy influencers like PewDiePie lost any real audience, despite a history of making 
. Plenty of misbehaving streamers were banned, and yet others became more popular because of their badness.
Above: Seoul Dynasty is a new Overwatch League team.
As predicted, investment stalled on VR, and a lot of attention shifted to esports investments. Venture capital firms such as Accel became bullish on esports, and traditional sports owners got further into making investments in esports teams.
Millions of dollars in investments went into companies like Fnatic, 
, 
, Newzoo, 
, 
, Popdog, Complexity Gaming, and 
.
Market researcher 
 that esports could hit $1.7 billion by 2021. Esports is still in its hype stage, but no one has popped the bubble yet.
Above: Esports is on the rise.
Getting paid to play games was a big theme of our 
 event. It started as something I had heard from the craziest of forecasters, like Bing Gordon of Kleiner Perkins, and it slowly became something that I believed in as well. (It will come up again at 
).
Now I hear other 
 how streamers and other esports stars are creating new jobs that didn’t exist a generation ago. They include esports athletes, shoutcasters, esports agents, cosplayers, mod designers, user-generated content developers, influencers, livestreamers, and more.
There isn’t a huge long tail yet. Mostly, celebrities like the aforementioned Ninja are getting rich playing games. But in the long run, I think this trend is getting more exciting.
Above: The Monitor leads the Dominion in Anthem.
Sadly, some of the most anticipated video games of the year were delayed from 2018 to 2019. One of those was Anthem, from Electronic Arts’ BioWare division. That title is now coming on February 22. We’ve got some big titles coming in 2019 (that we expected in 2018) like Days Gone. We have no idea when others are coming, like Ghost of Tsushima, Halo Infinite, or The Last of Us Part II.
Meanwhile, yes, Red Dead Redemption 2, Spider-Man, and God of War astounded us.
Above: PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds has crossed 10 million daily active users.
I predicted a year ago that Player Unknown’s Battlegrounds and Fortnite might be the only games that really prosper in the battle royale genre. I was right about how these games would multiply, but that “peter out” guess was wildly inaccurate. We saw the successful launches of battle royale titles like Call of Duty: Blackout (I was right about that one), Ring of Elysium, and Realm Royale. But rather than peter out, it only seems like this game mode is picking up fans. Red Dead Online has one, and Battlefield V will add it as an update in 2019.
, a graduate of Google parent company Alphabet’s X R&D lab, aims to develop drones that might one day be used to deliver packages to customers’ doorsteps. The only problem? They’re too noisy.
According to 
, Wing’s parcel-carrying drones, which were deployed in a rural area of southeastern Australia in October 2017 as part of a pilot program, have disrupted the lives of some longtime residents, who say that they don’t use their yards as much. (The neighbors of a Wing customer who spoke to the 
 have requested that she “stop getting deliveries.”) And the noise — which some accounts compared to that of a chainsaw — tends to spook pups, a local dog club president told the publication.
The current-gen Wing drones can fly at speeds of up to 78 miles per hour and take off and land vertically, thanks to a dozen vertical rotors and two propellers. Automated flight-planning software determines their route, while onboard sensors help them to avoid obstacles.
Despite the sophisticated onboard tech, though, sounds aren’t the only problem Wing’s drones have yet to overcome. User error has resulted in at least one accidental delivery, and the drones are sometimes forced to land due to high winds and obstructions. (According to the 
, they’ve needed to touch down five times out of 2,000 deliveries.) Moreover, the product selection remains rather small — Wing’s currently working with 
, to deliver Mexican food and 
, a pharmacy chain.
But Wing contends that its drone program could result in substantial savings for — and a smaller carbon footprint from — local businesses. A commissioned report cited $9 million in annual cost savings, while a Rand Corporation study forecasted a 6 percent reduction in energy usage compared to trucks.
Wednesday’s report comes just under a month after CEO James Burgess 
 Wing would launch a free 10-minute drone delivery trial in Helsinki, Finland, for items weighing 3.3 pounds or less up to a distance of 6.2 miles. Flight trials began earlier this year in Tampere, and will continue this winter to see how the drones perform in cold conditions.
But Wing has a mixed track record when it comes to delivery rollouts.
In September 2016, the company partnered with fast-casual chain Chipotle in the U.S. to deliver orders for a small group of Virginia Tech students. But only a month later, Wing canceled a tentative collaboration with Starbucks over disagreements regarding the handling of customer data, according to 
Alphabet’s not the only company field-testing autonomous delivery drones. Amazon launched a trial of 
 in the U.K. in December 2016. They delivered orders during the day, seven days a week, to shoppers who lived within a few miles of the retailer’s fulfillment center close to Cambridge.
It’s day three of our 
. This time we’re looking back on some more specific memories. We already did episodes for our 
 and 
, now it’s time to talk about our best and worst memories.
For these awards, we picked moments that are special to us, are important to the industry, or were unavoidable bummers. That means we’ll be talking about John Maynard Keynes, dashing in Celeste, and fans starting mobs for everything.
You can listen by clicking play below or 
:
Our moment award categories this year:
Machine learning algorithms are crafty sons of guns. They’ve not only composed memorable (if not entirely coherent) 
 and written 
, but produced 
 that’s convincingly humanlike. Now, Janelle Shane, an artificial intelligence (AI) research scientist and author of the blog 
, has tapped them to undertake a task of greater import: naming fireworks.
In a blog post this week spotted by 
 — the most recent in a series, following posts about AI systems that have learned to name cookies and Pokémon — Shane detailed a neural network trained on thousands of names from vuurwerkbieb.nl. Said names — 3,000 in all  — were collated in a database she received from a reader in the Netherlands.
Shane chose textgenrnn, an open source module on top of Google’s TensorFlow machine learning framework and the high-level neural networks API Keras, as her algorithm of choice. And after feeding it the aforementioned corpa, she got it to generate names ranging from the plausible to the laughably absurd.
As Shane explains: “Without any direction from me, and without any prior knowledge of the words and what they mean (or even that they ARE words; they might be knitting patterns), the neural network … produces its best imitation.”
Here’s a partial list:
“In this case, its best imitation of fireworks sounds a lot like, well, an artificial intelligence trying to imitate fireworks names,” she wrote. “Some of its fireworks sound more like they’re from the post-human era where machines dimly remember what humans were like, and celebrate them with commemorative explosions.”
Shane’s reserved the full list of AI-generated firework names for her email list, which you’ll find 
. She warns that some of them might be considered “PG-13.”
In January, Mark Zuckerberg decided that his resolution for 2018 would be to ‘fix’ Facebook, in the belief that “we’ll end 2018 on a much better trajectory.”
“The world feels anxious and divided, and Facebook has a lot of work to do — whether it’s protecting our community from abuse and hate, defending against interference by nation states, or making sure that time spent on Facebook is time well spent,” Zuckerberg 
. “We won’t prevent all mistakes or abuse, but we currently make too many errors enforcing our policies and preventing misuse of our tools.”
As the end of 2018 draws near, it’s safe to say Zuckerberg’s ‘much better trajectory’ has remained elusive. Facebook’s stock price has fallen from $181.42 per share at the beginning of this year to $134.52 at market close on Wednesday. It has managed to anger governments across the world due to negligence in protecting user data, poorly implemented ad products, and failure to stop bad actors in various markets from at best using sketchy growth tactics to get more clicks on their websites and at worst 
.
While not all of Facebook’s crises have been self-inflicted, some of the worst have been exacerbated by the company’s failure to quickly take responsibility for mistakes. Here are some of the most egregious examples over the past year.
Facebook’s year got off to a bad start when by March it was facing bombshell reports from the Guardian’s
and the
about how the company had failed to stop data analytics firm 
 from improperly using the personal data of nearly 86 million users for ad targeting. Cambridge Analytica, for anyone who missed it, had gotten the data from a researcher who created a personality quiz app called thisisyourdigitallife before Facebook restricted the amount of data app developers could gather, starting in 2014.
Before the 
story was published, Facebook sent a letter to the publication threatening to sue, according to lead reporter Carole Cadwalladr. Then Facebook tried to get ahead of the story by announcing that it was suspending Cambridge Analytica, though the company’s 
 — issued by its general counsel, not Zuckerberg — tried to emphasize that things had changed by focusing on the fact that Facebook had already limited the amount of user information developers could access several years ago. The problem was that Facebook had let the genie out of the bottle by giving apps access to that data in the first place. Cambridge Analytica proved that bad actors could misuse such data for years to come, and Facebook needed to not just apologize for what it had done in the past but do a better job of monitoring developers in the present.
Zuckerberg didn’t speak with media outlets until four days after the incident, and Sandberg didn’t do interviews until nearly three weeks after, only adding to the feeling that the company had something to hide.
It’s hard to overstate just how much the Cambridge Analytica saga set the tone for the rest of Facebook’s year — the scandal even resulted in Zuckerberg 
 for the first time ever. If Facebook had been more honest in the days following revelations about Cambridge Analytica and admitted it needed to do a better job vetting apps, perhaps the calls for blood would have been lessened.
Following the Cambridge Analytica scandal, Zuckerberg continued to do more interviews and host more conference calls with reporters in an attempt to win back some goodwill. This PR offensive included a 
 to Kara Swisher’s Recode Decode podcast in July. The stop came amidst calls for Facebook to suspend conspiracy theorist site Infowars (more on that in a bit). In response to questions from Swisher about what should and shouldn’t be allowed on the platform, Zuckerberg argued that the company has a responsibility to give people a voice, even if he or other users find their views abhorrent. Unprompted, he brought up the example of Holocaust deniers.
“I’m Jewish, and there’s a set of people who deny that the Holocaust happened,” Zuckerberg told Swisher. “I find that deeply offensive. But at the end of the day, I don’t believe that our platform should take that down because I think there are things that different people get wrong. I don’t think that they’re 
 getting it wrong, but I think — It’s hard to impugn intent and to understand the intent. I just think, as abhorrent as some of those examples are, I think the reality is also that I get things wrong when I speak publicly.”
Critics thought Zuckerberg’s comments let Holocaust deniers off the hook. The Anti-Defamation League chastised Zuckerberg, noting that “Holocaust denial is a willful, deliberate, and longstanding deception tactic by anti-Semites that is incontrovertibly hateful, hurtful, and threatening to Jews.” Zuckerberg 
 that “I absolutely didn’t intend to defend the intent of people who deny that.”
Zuckerberg’s answer was reflective of Facebook’s continuous failures to respond to a changing landscape. For many people, tech companies’ pledges to allow users to express distasteful views as long as they’re not directly encouraging violence is now seen less as free speech protection and more as a callous or profit-motivated move.
Over the summer, Facebook and other websites faced increased pressure to kick Infowars’ Alex Jones off their respective sites. In July, a reporter 
 Facebook during one if its routine meetings with journalists why Infowars was allowed to remain on Facebook, if it was indeed peddling fake news. The company’s head of News Feed, John Hegeman, tried to soften the issue by saying that Infowars simply had a “different point of view.” But Jones didn’t just have a different point of view — he spread a vicious and dangerous conspiracy theory that a shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary school in Connecticut six years ago was a hoax.
Facebook did hit Jones’ personal page with a 
 later that month for violating policies against promoting hateful content — but the company failed to suspend Infowars and Jones’ public pages, both of which have been guilty of similar violations. Facebook 
 both Jones and the Infowars’ page from its site on August 6, but only after Apple and Spotify removed episodes of Jones’ podcast from their platforms. Zuckerberg later told the 
that it was Apple’s ban that prompted Facebook to permanently ban Jones and Infowars, as the episode convinced them that “we should move on what we know violates the policy.”
Here, Facebook missed a crucial opportunity to regain goodwill by showing that it was willing to be a first mover in banning a high-profile, repeat rule-breaker like Jones.
Facebook needed to prove in 2018 that it could successfully stop foreign actors from trying to sway voters by posing as U.S. residents. So it started requiring U.S. political advertisers to verify their 
 and dumped all U.S. 
 that users could browse if they wanted to see who was running ads and who was paying for them. Advertisers themselves were responsible for filling out the public “paid for by label.” But, as a 
 found, Facebook didn’t do a good job of ensuring advertisers were being truthful in their submissions. In a test, Vice was approved to run ads paid for by Mike Pence, ISIS, and all 50 U.S. senators.
The company tried to defend itself by saying that it can’t catch everyone who is trying to game the system. That’s true. But Facebook had to have known by now that self-disclosure has serious drawbacks and that this feature had the potential to be heavily gamed. Plus, Facebook should know the true identity of its advertisers — so why is disclosure left up to them in the first place?
In November, the 
published an in-depth report looking at how Facebook and its top executives had struggled to contain the backlash from the 
, as well as other scandals that called into question how well it is safeguarding the site.
One of the biggest sticking points raised by the article was Facebook’s relationship with a Washington, D.C.-based public relations firm called 
. The firm essentially served as Facebook’s attack dog, using a conservative news site to push out articles criticizing competitors like Google and Apple. Definers also encouraged reporters to look into the financial connections between organizations critical of 
— implying that these groups weren’t as much of a grassroots effort as they made themselves out to be. Because Soros has been the subject of anti-Semitic attacks, some critics viewed Facebook and Definers bringing up the Soros connection as itself anti-Semitic.
Almost immediately after the 
story was published, Facebook announced it was severing ties with Definers. The following day, Zuckerberg said he hadn’t known about the 
 until the 
story was published, leading reporters to ask exactly who at Facebook did know about any work with Definers. Facebook’s top brass 
 until the day before Thanksgiving, when outgoing communications chief Elliot Schrage 
 for hiring Definers, with Sandberg acknowledging that she “also received a small number of emails where Definers was referenced.”
The episode had all the markings of a classic Facebook PR bungle — waiting to announce policy changes until after a critical story is published, feigning innocence about how ruthless the company can be with competitors and critics, refusing to respond to specific questions for days in the hopes that everyone will forget about the story, and finally providing an answer the day before a holiday when many people aren’t checking the news.
I played more games than I can remember in 2018. I didn’t finish as many as I would’ve liked, but it seemed like something new and cool hit the stores (and often, these are digital) every week: Celeste, Dead Cells, 
, and man, many more. And then we’ve got those “live service” ongoing games like Path of Exile, Hearthstone, and good ol’ online RPGs such as 
.
As I look back at 2018 and the games that stuck with me, I find a mix of new and old, of genres I don’t touch often and those I’ve been playing since the beginning. I see new characters and new worlds and realms that are almost as old as I am.  These are my favorite games of 2018, in no set order. My criteria for 2018 isn’t just games that debuted this year but ongoing works that I play often.
Here’s what I see, and I hope you’ve seen (and enjoyed) these as well.
Above: You can see the Towerfall lineage in Celeste’s art.
 Matt Makes Games


 Matt Makes Games


 PC, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Switch
Celeste might be better positioned to appeal to editors and writers than any game that came out in 2018: It’s about self-doubt and conquering your inner demons, something that just about everyone in journalism (and let’s face it, every walk of life) struggles with at some point. It’s brutal, too — and I got that raw sense of self-accomplishment from a platformer when I figured out how to dash in midair. It’s one of my favorite moments of 2018, and I found that sense of accomplishment carries over to every challenge you overcome in this special game.
Above: Time to start over.
  Motion Twin


 Motion Twin


 PC, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Switch
Dead Cells won me over the first time I played this roguelike. The controls are smooth, like the crooning of Barry White. Getting around its world feels like gliding over Jell-O. It’s full of choices and mystery, too. Should I try to run through this area to get through those timed doors? Oh, what does 
 new weapon do? It’s mood, its challenge, and its controls all succeed at pushing you to one more run, and that’s something few games do for me anymore.
Above: Our druid’s wildshape is a shark.
 Obsidian Entertainment


 Versus Evil, Obsidian Entertainment


 PC
This my favorite game of 2018. Is it the best game of 2018? I’m not sure. Few games, though, make me think about our world’s history as Obsidian’s best RPG since Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II. Sure, it deals with the gods and is one of the best pirate games out there, but it also looks at the effects of colonialism I’ve seen in an RPG.
Above: This butt-slam is infamous in my house.
Square Enix


 Square Enix


 PC, PlayStation 4
Oh, look, another refugee from my favorite RPGs of 2018! Yes, the world suffers a cataclysm, and monsters are terrorizing people everywhere. Yet the classic, cheerful Dragon Quest tone never disappears. 2018 has been a horrendous year on many levels, and having something that’s the RPG equivalent of a warm hug — and a really good game — helped me. I hoped it helped others a well.
Above: Bards give you a big hand in combat.
InXile Entertainment


 InXile Entertainment


 PC
The Bard’s Tale was my jam. I converted its spells to my 
 campaign (turns out Mangar’s Mind Jab can be overpowered in 1st Edition 
). I tried to play the music — by ear — on my baritone saxophone. I backed this back when it hit Kickstarter in 2015, and when I got my review copy in September, I was pleased to see how well InXile adapted the classic world and gameplay for the modern RPG scene. It’s nice to see a game where music is part of the gameplay, where puzzles are just as important as combat. I hope other RPG studios pay attention.
Above: Fox McCloud brings a twist to Starlink: Battle for Atlas’s campaign.
 Ubisoft Toronto


 Ubisoft


 PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Switch
One of 2018’s highlights has been playing video games with my two sons, 8 and 6. The youngest has developed the manual dexterity to handle some of the more complicated button combinations on today’s controllers. But sometimes, they both just want to play with some cool toys. And that’s where Starlink comes in. It’s a good game — the best Starfox out there, really — and we enjoy trying the ship-pilot-weapon combinations, blasting enemies on the ground and in space, and scanning new lifeforms. We also enjoy flying around the house with the starfights, making “pew-pew” sounds and dogfighting in the living room.
Above: Battletech’s tactical combat. A mech can jump to higher ground, but the red lines indicate whose line of fire it’ll be in if it does.
 Harebrained Schemes


 Paradox Interactive


 PC
As a kid, I built models. It didn’t matter what kind, as long as they had guns: warships, warplanes, and, of course, mechs. And I wasn’t stodgy about playing with them. These were no mere display pieces. I took other toys to make pieces of terrain, and adapted 
 rules to have glorious battles on my bedroom floor. And this has been my favorite video game adaptation of mech combat. The palace-like intrigue of an interstellar empire breaking up and noble families fighting one another for the pieces, though, aren’t quite what 9-year-old me had in mind (in my imagination, I had a humans against mutant cyborgs).
Above: The Delve awaits you!
: Grinding Gear Games


 Grinding Gear Games


 PC, Xbox One
Deep dungeons are one of my favorite aspects of fantasy role-playing games. 
‘s Castle Greyhawk and Undermountain are two of my favorite dungeon delves, and Etrian Odyssey and Dragon’s Dogma showcase these deep halls at their finest in video games. The gang at Grinding Gear Games took a swing at the infinite dungeon with Delve, Path of Exile’s summer expansion. It challenges you to see how far you can go into this dark, dangerous mine. While I never got close enough to even bother checking the leaderboards, I had a blast seeing if I could go just a bit deeper with each run.
Above: Magic’s been around for decades. But I’m just getting into it now.
: Wizards of the Coast


 Wizards of the Coast


 PC
I have a lot more to say about Magic: The Gathering’s digital card game next week. Hearthstone has been my main card game or some time, and I still enjoy it and play it almost every day. But Magic has changed how I play card games, and I’m eager to take some downtime later this week to figure out how to make my Pirate and Artifacts deck work better than it does now.
If you’re still browsing the web without the protection of a Virtual Private Network (VPN), you may as well be handing out your log-in passwords on a commuter train. 
 at infiltrating your Internet connection with just a few lines of code from across the globe, and a VPN is your first and most important line of defense against these cyber intrusions.
But not all VPNs are created equal. 
 is an award-winning service that allows you to browse without restrictions on all of your devices at once, and right now a lifetime subscription is available for over 90 percent off at just $28 with code 
 at checkout.
Unlike most VPNs that offer security at the expense of browsing speed, VPN Unlimited won’t slow your connection down while it secures your network and safeguards your information. Every bit of your data is dead-encrypted, and you’ll enjoy full bandwidth capacity at all times, regardless of the device you’re using.
VPN Unlimited also offers unrestricted access to over 400 servers in over 70 locations around the world — meaning you’ll never have to worry about finding a fast and secure connection even when you’re away from home.
This service even lets you bypass those obnoxious content filters when you travel overseas, so you’ll be able to keep up with your favorite content on popular streaming services like Netflix and Hulu. And when you travel to highly-restricted Internet areas like China, the UAE, or Russia, VPN Unlimited utilizes a special obfuscation feature to get you past the firewalls, all while ensuring that your information stays hidden from prying eyes.
Safeguard your privacy and sensitive information with a lifetime subscription to VPN Unlimited. Usually priced at $39.99, this award-winning service is available for 
 for a limited time — over 90 percent off MSRP when you enter code 
 at checkout.
 — Facebook’s photo-sharing social network Instagram said on Thursday it has fixed a bug that led to a temporary change in the appearance of its feed for a large number of users.
The bug led to a small test being distributed widely, the company said. As part of the test, some users had to tap and swipe their feed horizontally to view new posts, similar to its Stories feature.
The momentary change sparked a widespread outrage among users on Twitter, with several comparing it to 
.
“The Instagram update is so trash it’s worse than the Snapchat update,” @samfloresxo tweeted.
The redesigned Snapchat app has struggled to attract more users since its roll-out last year and newer versions have been criticized for being too confusing.
In response to a tweet, Head of Instagram Adam Mosseri apologized for the confusion and said, “that was supposed to be a very small test that went broad by accident.”
“We quickly fixed the issue and feed is back to normal,” Instagram said in an emailed statement.
      Provides Experienced Commercial Leadership For CathWorks FFRangio
       U.S. Launch    
  
KFAR-SABA, Israel & ALISO VIEJO, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 28, 2018–
      CathWorks announced that Paul Kapsner has been named as Global Vice       President of Sales. His appointment coincides with recent United States       FDA clearance of the company’s CathWorks FFRangio
 System.       His initial focus will be on accelerating the clinical and commercial       organization in the United States.    
      Paul joins CathWorks with 27 years of commercial sales and marketing       leadership experience in market-leading medical device companies. That       experience includes deep engagement in the coronary diagnostic market.       He earned a B.S. in Engineering from The United States Military       Academy-West Point and an M.B.A. from Oklahoma City University.    
      Jim Corbett, CathWorks CEO, said of Paul’s appointment, “I have worked       with Paul previously and am confident in his ability to develop and lead       our commercial sales and customer support organization. CathWorks       FFRangio System represents a tremendous opportunity for interventional       cardiologists, their hospitals, and patients to improve the quality of       care and lower costs in the treatment of multi-vessel coronary artery       disease. Paul understands how to develop a team to provide the clinical       and technical support our customers need. We could not be more excited       to have Paul on board.”    
      Mr. Kapsner added, “I know from experience how much interventional       cardiologists will benefit from having a non-invasive, intraprocedural       platform to provide objective FFRangio guidance. We look forward to       equipping health systems with an objective resource to aid in PCI       decision-making.”    
      The CathWorks FFRangio System quickly and precisely delivers the       objective FFR guidance needed to optimize PCI therapy decisions for       every patient. It is non-invasive and performed intra-procedurally       during coronary angiography without adding additional clinical risk or       per-procedure costs. The company received U.S. FDA 510(k) clearance for       the CathWorks FFRangio
Coronary Vascular Physiologic       Simulation Software on December 19, 2018.    
      
    
      CathWorks is a medical technology company focused on applying its       advanced computational science platform to optimize PCI therapy       decisions and elevate coronary angiography from visual assessment to an       objective FFRangio based decision-making tool for physicians. FFR-guided       PCI decision-making is proven to provide significant clinical benefits       for patients with coronary artery disease and economic benefits for       patients and payers. The company’s focus is specifically on bringing the       CathWorks FFRangio System to market to provide quick, precise, and       objective intraprocedural FFRangio guidance that is practical for every       case.    


      Jim Corbett, CEO
+1 949.395.1214
    
 — 
 on Friday named two independent board directors, including Oracle co-founder Larry Ellison, to fulfill a September deal that resolved federal charges that arose from Chief Executive Elon Musk’s tweet about taking the electric carmaker private.
Tesla said Ellison and Walgreens Boots Alliance’s global head of human resources, Kathleen Wilson-Thompson, joined the board, effective December 27.
Ellison, who calls himself a close friend of Musk, bought 3 million shares of Tesla earlier this year.
Under an agreement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, Musk agreed to pay a $20 million fine and step aside as Tesla’s chairman for three years to settle charges that could have forced his exit. Tesla also agreed to pay a $20 million fine.
Tesla further consented to the appointment of an independent chairman, two independent directors and a board committee to control Musk’s communications. Twitter has frequently been Musk’s go-to venue for freewheeling communications and confrontation with Tesla’s critics.
A U.S. judge in October approved the deal, which resulted from tweets by Musk on August 7 that he was considering taking the company private and had secured funding. The SEC subsequently filed fraud charges against him, citing what it said were his “false and misleading” tweets.
Tesla’s shares were up 1.8 percent at $321 in Friday morning trading.
Analysts welcomed the additions, especially Ellison, whose background is similar to Musk’s. Ellison, through a spokeswoman, declined to comment.
“Larry Ellison obviously has a tremendous presence in Silicon Valley … with maverick type CEO traits very similar to Elon Musk, so he brings a level of understanding because he has gone from a startup to a successful company similar to Tesla,” Tigress Financial Partners analyst Ivan Feinseth said in an email.
“I don’t believe he would let friendship get in the way of good judgment,” Feinseth added about Ellison.
Wedbush analyst Daniel Ives called the appointments a “home run” in a research note.
The addition of Ellison to the board “could help channel Musk’s energy and passion into positives going forward thus moving further away from the ‘going private tweetstorm’ from a few months ago, which continues to be a lingering overhang on the name,” Ives said.
In November, Tesla named director Robyn Denholm as board chair, fulfilling one of the demands. Denholm, who joined Tesla as an independent director in 2014 and agreed to step down as finance chief of Australian telecoms firm Telstra Corp Ltd, spent 11 years as a senior vice president at Sun Microsystems, a unit of Oracle.
Tesla said it conducted a “thorough, expansive” search process for the directors, calling Ellison a “preeminent entrepreneur” and Wilson-Thompson “a human resources leader” and said both had a passion for sustainable energy.
The larger-than-life Ellison is also known for making bombastic, brash public comments. He went on a diatribe attacking cloud computing at a 2008 analyst conference, which only served to highlight Oracle’s slow move into the space. He undermined Oracle’s business relationship with Hewlett Packard in 2010 in an email to the New York Times that chastised the board for firing its CEO and his friend, Mark Hurd, after a sexual harassment inquiry.
He rarely interacts with journalists or blogs, and has only Tweeted once — a 2012 message promoting Oracle’s cloud products.
Ellison, said by Forbes magazine to be worth $55 billion, has in the past defended Musk.
“I’m very close friends with Elon Musk, and I’m a big investor in Tesla,” Ellison, 74, said on an October 26 conference call with analysts.
“This guy is landing rockets,” Ellison added about Musk, referring to his leadership of SpaceX. “He’s landing rockets on robot drone rafts in the ocean, and you’re saying he doesn’t know what he’s doing. Well, who else is landing a rocket?”
Wilson-Thompson, who could not be immediately reached for comment, spent 17 years at Kellogg Co before joining Walgreens, and serves on the boards of two U.S.-based manufacturing companies.
Musk has gained fans for his bold approach to business and technology, using his almost 24 million Twitter followers to promote Tesla, SpaceX and tunnel venture Boring Co.
But the August claim that he had the funding to take Tesla private, and a subsequent U-turn, stunned Wall Street and came as Musk was filmed briefly smoking marijuana during a live Web show and when he called a British diver in the Thai cave rescue a “pedo.”
Tesla’s market cap exceeds that of traditional, established U.S. automakers that make millions of vehicles and billions of dollars in profits annually, and the company has garnered legions of fans despite repeated production issues.
Sometimes 2018 feels like it flew by, and sometime it feels like it was 6 years long. Either way, we’ve reached the end. And that means we need to pick our favorite games of the year. So we did exactly that.
As usual, we deliberated to figure out GamesBeat’s top 10 games as well as our overall game of the year. You can watch us go through that process in the video above or in the podcast below.
And get 
.
Click play right here:
“Eco made me realize that games are actually crucial for understanding our relationship to all kinds of natural and man-made systems. The thing that gives me chills is that I think it is only in games that we can play with economic systems. And I walked away from my experience in Eco feeling like I learned so much even though we had no instructor. No one was connecting the dots for us. We simply learned through play.”
“I love Super Smash Bros. for Wii U, and Ultimate is better in almost every way. The roster is bigger, the single-player offerings are much stronger, and it’s prettier. And the game felt comfortable both on the TV (with a GameCube or Pro Controller) or in portable mode. I didn’t try playing the game with a single Joy-Con, because that sounds terrible (using a single Joy-Con has never felt comfortable for any game).”
“Pillars of Eternity II: Deadfire puts the gods, warts and all, at the forefront of the story, and at this point, it shines when it focuses on your interactions with these powerful-but-flawed beings. When Obsidian is showing you Eora, filling in gaps from its first game and introducing new characters, locations, and traditions, you feel a vibrancy lacking in its previous game, 
 (which is, to be fair, a game about evil winning over good).”
“When virtual reality is at its absolute best, it’s magical — a chance to put on glasses that instantly transport you to another world. That’s why so many VR games use a first-person perspective to let you look through your character’s eyes. But some developers are instead using VR to make third-person games more compelling. That’s what Sony’s Japan Studio is doing with Astro Bot: Rescue Mission for PlayStation VR, which brings all of Sony’s VR experience to bear on a Super Mario Odyssey-style 3D platforming experience.”
“But make no mistake: Red Dead Redemption 2 is a masterpiece. I see these flaws as small distractions, but they don’t kill my enthusiasm for the game. Those bugs seem like nitpicking against scenes like the one in the video above, as Arthur rides to the sound of a beautiful song.”
“This new God of War takes a lot of risks. It trades blind rage and revenge for a story about a troubled father/son relationship. It ditches fast, combo-based violence for something more methodical. It’s a departure from everything that once was God of War. But almost all of these risks pay off. God of War is an exhilarating, beautiful action game that turns one of PlayStation’s biggest icons into a character you can care about.”
“Marvel’s Spider-Man is the best superhero game since Batman: Arkham Asylum. The swinging, combat, and New York City itself come together to create a Spider-Man experience that is exciting and faithful to the character. If you’ve ever been a fan of Spidey, you need to check out his newest digital adventure. This is now the best Spider-Man game, taking the crown from Spider-Man 2. It is also one of the PlayStation 4’s best exclusives and one of the best super hero games ever.”
“There’s a consistent ‘punching above its weight’ feeling to Battletech that I keep finding myself drawn to. At a superficial glance it doesn’t seem to be doing anything special, but every time I play it or talk about it, I find myself wanting to go deeper. If that keeps it, it could be an instant winner when it’s released.”
“Dead Cells is a masterpiece. It is the marriage and apotheosis of decades of Metroidvania design and the surging popularity of difficult Roguelike games. Dead Cells is exquisite. It looks phenomenal, plays like a dream, and makes you want to keep coming back even when you fail.”
“Celeste is the total package. It is a tight platformer that feel excellent. It has great writing, characters, and art. And then it has this great sense of progression where it propels you through ever more difficult challenges until you reach the top of the mountain.”
If you got a new iPhone over the holidays, one of the best ways to enjoy it and show it off is to play games. I’ve been checking out new iPhone devices — the 
 and the 
 — during the past couple of months, and thought I would share a list of games to play on them.
These games are one reason why mobile gaming has become a $63.2 billion industry worldwide, according to market researcher 
. This week is when people get their new devices and are most likely to load new apps and games onto them. Or they may use their gift cards to purchase paid games. It’s the last major push of the year for the part of the gaming industry that plays games on mobile devices.
Here’s a list of my suggestions for mobile games to try out. Many of these games are also available on Android, but I haven’t tried them on that platform.
Above: Command & Conquer: Rivals
I’ve been playing this game a lot during the holidays. I like the explosions, the competition with a real person, and the wide variety of strategies and tactics you can use to beat your enemy to a nuclear launch.


My kid turned me on to this addictive title, where you start as a little worm and eat your way into something huge. You play against other humans, and if you run into their worm bodies, you explode and lose. Your finger will never leave the screen.


It’s a love story with some very creative graphics.
Above: Pokémon Go trainer battles can now take place at level 10 and up.


Everyone has played this. But it has become a lot more engaging with the addition of friends, Trainer Battles, weather effects, and new creatures. And it’s still the best way to get some exercise while playing a game.


There’s a lot of depth in the creation of your starships, training your crew, and fighting rivals in real-time multiplayer arenas.
Above: Ingress Prime features The Enlightened (green team) and The Resistance (blue).


The developers of the original Ingress from 2012 rebooted their location-based mobile game with a lot of improvements, including augmented reality, better graphics, and well-developed plotlines that pit one group of players, who want to preserve humanity, against those who want to enhance humanity with AI and other technologies.


You can sit on the Iron Throne and make decisions — swiping left or right — that will help your faction navigate the politics of Westeros.


The game may be a bit beyond its peak, but it’s still entertaining to try to compete against others and win cash. If you answer 12 questions correctly, you get to split the cash prize with the winners.
Above: The Royale Pass in PUBG Mobile.


The battle royale game where 100 players parachute onto an island, and only one can survive.


You try to match colors and get the perfect gradient in this game.


You can merge your dragon eggs, trees, treasures, and other items to create brand-new things.


An app that promotes a healthy brain through memory tests, workouts, and food.
Above: Dragons start as eggs and you can raise them to adults in Game of Thrones: Conquest.


If you combined Game of War: Fire Age with Game of Thrones, you would get something like this. You can join alliances and figure out how to take over the Seven Kingdoms. 
 in the game.
Above: Drivetime offers voice-based social trivia games.
You can play games while you drive. And it’s safe because you can control the trivia game with your voice. The game pits you against another human player in a multiplayer match.


This is a beautifully animated battle royale game that just about every human on Earth has heard about. You fight in a shootout with 100 players, and only one person or one squad survives.


You can battle with friends or solo in brawl matches that last less than three minutes.


This match-3 role-playing game is the first game from Small Giant Games, and it’s a big hit. You can solve puzzles, collect hero cards, fight player-vs.-player battles, and explore worlds.
From the folks who brought us High School Stories, you have to make big life choices in this game, like whether to choose love, romance, fantasy, or magic.


The graphics look cool in this street drag racing game. You can also create a 3D augmented reality image that shows your coolest car, parked in your driveway.


Dawn of Titans is a real-time strategy game that pushed the envelope on mobile graphics. It debuted in 2016, and I’ve enjoyed playing it over the years, particularly whenever I want to see cool graphics of an army on a battlefield taking on a giant titan.
Above: The Clash Royale League world finals are headed to Japan.


It’s another aging game, but I’ve spent considerable time with this real-time strategy game since it debuted in 2016. It’s like a combination of a tower defense and multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) game, with only two lanes where you can send your attackers down. But it’s very addictive and involves a lot of strategic thinking. It has also become a major esport.


This game has a goofy story and goofy gameplay. You control a donut hole, which you move under objects. You swallow them, and with each new swallow, the hole gets larger.
Above: Jurassic World Alive


You can find dinosaurs in your neighborhood or workplace with this location-based game that takes advantage of Google Maps technology. It also features augmented reality imagery of the beasts that once ruled the Earth.
Netflix is further distancing itself from Apple’s iTunes tax bracket. Earlier this year, the streaming giant enabled iOS users in more than two dozen markets to 
 as part of an experiment. The company now tells VentureBeat that it has concluded the experiment and has incorporated the change globally.
“We no longer support iTunes as a method of payment for new members,” a Netflix spokesperson told VentureBeat. Existing members, however, can continue to use iTunes as a method of payment, the spokesperson added.
The company did not share exactly when it rolled out the change globally, but a support representative VentureBeat spoke with pegged the timeframe as late last month. Additionally, the support rep added that customers who are rejoining Netflix using an iOS device, after having canceled payment for at least one month, also won’t be able to use iTunes billing.
The move, which will allow Netflix to keep all proceeds from its new paying iPhone and iPad customers, underscores the tension between developers and the marquee distributors of mobile apps — Apple and Google.
App developer have urged both companies to lower the tolls they levy on each transaction that goes through their respective app stores. Apple and Google charge 15 percent on each in-app subscription on their platforms. The two used to take a 30 percent cut, but in the past two years 
 
.
New Netflix users with an iPhone or iPad will be required to sign up and pay by visiting the streaming service’s website. In the Android universe, Netflix 
 letting users pay through the Google Play store in May.
Netflix, which 
 one of the 
 on Apple’s App Store, is not alone in trying to avoid Apple’s and Google’s fees. Music 
, 
, Fortnite developer Epic Games, and 
 have also brushed shoulders with the giants.
Epic Games, which first 
, launched its own 
 with a 12 percent cut of revenue early this month. Days later, communication platform Discord announced that it was planning to charge 
 on its 
.
 — Dell 
 on Friday, nearly six years after the company’s founder and Chief Executive Officer Michael Dell took it private in what was then the biggest buyout since the financial crisis of 2008.
The computer maker is trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ‘DELL’, 
, in which Dell held an 81 percent stake. The cash-and-stock deal was worth nearly $24 billion.
Buying back the shares allowed Dell to bypass the traditional IPO process, which would likely have involved grilling by investors over the company’s $52.7 billion debt pile.
Dell shares opened at $46 on Friday, marking its market valuation at $16 billion, as per Refinitiv data.
The company was seen as a model of innovation in the early 2000s, pioneering online ordering of custom-configured PCs and working closely with Asian component suppliers and manufacturers to assure rock-bottom production costs.
But it missed the big industry shift to tablet computers, smartphones and high-powered consumer electronics such as music players and gaming consoles later in the decade, and saw sales declining to a little over 10 percent in 2012’s fourth quarter on a fall in shipments.
That forced Michael Dell to take the company off the public market, and look at acquisitions to transform his company from a PC manufacturer into a broader seller of information technology services, ranging from storage and servers to networking and cyber security.
The strategy is in sharp contrast to that of rival HP’s, which separated from Hewlett Packard Enterprise’s in 2016, based on the reasoning that two technology companies focused separately on hardware and services would be more nimble.
But Dell’s strategy seems to be paying off, especially as corporates are increasingly turning to one-stop shops to help them manage their IT infrastructure on the cloud.
Dell reported a 15 percent rise in revenue in its latest quarter, and said it expects total adjusted revenue in the range of $90.5 billion to $92 billion in 2019.
The company currently holds 17 percent of the global PC market share year-to-date, behind rival HP’s 23 percent and Lenovo’s 21 percent share, according to data from Canalys.
Google Home has the Google Home Mini. Amazon’s Echo has the Echo Dot. And when Samsung’s Bixby-driven smart speaker — the Galaxy Home — debuts sometime in 2019, it might have its own entry-level counterpart.
That’s according to 
, which in a report today claimed that Samsung will release at least one other speaker next year in addition to the Galaxy Home. It will reportedly bear the model number “SM-V310” — not too far off from the Galaxy Home’s SM-V510 — and come in black.
Where features are concerned, Samsung’s second smart speaker will presumably be on par with its big brother.  And it’s almost a guarantee that it’ll run Bixby 2.0, the next-gen version of Bixby that Samsung previewed at Mobile World Congress 2018 in March.
Bixby 2.0 boasts better natural language processing and faster response times than its predecessor, along with built-in noise reduction tech. It’s also more conversational — if you ask it about upcoming concerts around New Year’s, for example, it’ll remember the date range when looking for tickets in the future. And it can make recommendations based on your previous searches.
At a press event in August, Samsung revealed that the Galaxy Home has functionality now considered standard issue for smart speakers, such as the ability to play music and control smart home devices without the need to lift a finger. It boasts AKG-tuned omnidirectional speakers and a subwoofer for deep bass, plus an array of eight microphones for far-field voice recognition.
Market momentum for smart speakers shows no sign of slowing — quite the opposite, in fact. A report published by research firm 
 indicates that worldwide smart speaker shipments grew 137 percent year over year in the third quarter of 2018 to reach 19.7 million units, up from 8.3 million in Q3 2017.
The number of voice-enabled speakers in use could come close to 100 million by the end of this year (up from 50 million at the end of 2017), some suggest, and early momentum more or less aligns with that prediction.
 estimated in July 2018 that 18 percent of American adults — around 43 million people — owned a smart speaker. (
 and 
 put the number at 50 million and 47.3 million, respectively.)
According to a survey commissioned by 
, almost half of all consumers in the United States will own a smart speaker by the end of the year. And a Global Market Insights report forecasts that the global smart speaker market could be worth as much as $30 billion by 2024.
Foldables, as the new mobile category of devices is likely to be called, have yet to arrive. Sure, we’ve had last year’s dual-screen 
 and an 
 last month, but so far we’ve simply been setting the groundwork for 2019 and beyond. Most notably this year, Google 
 and Samsung 
, slated for 2019.
The pitch is certainly interesting: Fold out to double your screen size and fold in to pocket a big device. A tablet that turns into a phone, and vice versa. Foldables could indeed prove incredibly useful, but they are still years away for most people, even with giants Google and Samsung on board. And that’s not simply due to the 
 of exorbitant price tags (expect somewhere in the $2,000 range) or of early clunky form factors (folding a screen over adds weight and bulk, and likely hurts battery life).
The real determining factor will likely be whether foldables can offer a killer feature. Flexible screens will need a use case that a larger screen cannot simply accommodate.
I’ve been playing with ZTE’s Axon M recently just to refresh my mind on what foldables could bring to the table. The dual mode, which lets you run apps side-by-side, is neat, but big phones already do this just fine. The extended mode is probably the most innovative, since it’s like having two monitors for a PC, but the software simply isn’t there. And the mirror mode, which duplicates the content on both screens, is useless. ZTE was clearly hoping users would figure out what to do with the double-screen Axon M so the company could fold those learnings into future devices.
Foldable phones remind me of the “phablet phenomena.” Phones with styluses, the category Samsung pioneered and continues to dominate with the Galaxy Note, did not supersede smartphones. And yet, smartphone screen sizes continue to grow and grow every year, rendering the phablet term irrelevant. Plenty of innovations and improvements have been copied from the Galaxy Note to all smartphones.
I suspect the tech behind foldable phones will end up in all smartphones eventually, but it will take a long time. Take convertible laptops as an example — the technology for 2-in-1 tablet computers has been around for decades, but it took 
 to define the category that all computer makers now push.
I’m betting foldables will remain niche for years, just how the Galaxy Note remains in a league of its own. Split screens and multi-tasking are all neat, but they’re not killer. And more importantly, today’s large-screen phones can already pull those off. Something about the physical folding and unfolding functionality needs to provide inherent value.
Until then, foldables will be compared to 3D TVs. When that changes, the term “foldables” will disappear.
Artificial intelligence (AI) can generate 
, but what about tribal artwork? That’s the question Victor Dibia, a human-computer interaction researcher and Carnegie Mellon graduate, sought to answer with an AI system trained on a dataset of African masks.
As Dibia explains in a 
, the 
 was inspired by a trip to the 2018 Deep Learning Indaba, an annual machine learning conference held at Stellenbosch University, South Africa, in September. Attendees were provided access to second-generation Tensor Processing Units (TPUs) — Google-designed chips purpose-built for fast training or inference of AI models — which Dibia used for training.
He tapped Google’s TensorFlow machine learning framework to get a generative adversarial network (GAN) — a two-part neural network consisting of 
 that produce samples and 
 that attempt to distinguish between the generated samples and real-world samples — up and running on the TPUs. Specifically, he selected a 
, or DCGAN.
GANs have a knack for image generation and processing. Data scientists at Alphabet subsidiary DeepMind, for example, recently tasked a GAN with generating convincing photos of 
 and researchers at the University of Edinburgh’s Institute for Perception and Institute for Astronomy used GANs to create images of 
 complete with star clusters, nebulae, and other interstellar features.
Above: A sampling of masks produced by a DCGAN trained on the curated dataset.
And it’s not the first time they and other AI architectures have been used to create artwork. They’ve composed memorable (if not entirely coherent) 
 and written 
; produced humanlike 
; and come up with names for 
, to name a few examples.
To “teach” the DCGAN how to create new mask designs, Dibia sourced a manually curated set of images — 9,300 in all — depicting African masks. Prior to training, he resized and cropped each image before converting them to TFRecords, a format for storing sequences of binary records.
Two versions of the DCGAN model were trained to produce 64-by-64-pixel and 128-by-128-pixel images, respectively.
In subsequent experiments, the model tasked with generating 64-by-64-pixel pics provided “better diversity” compared to the second system, while the 128-by-128-pixel images had superior quality. But the latter suffered a mode collapse — a failure case where the GAN’s generator began to produce samples with extremely low variety. (Dibia chalked it up to the dataset “being insufficient to train such a large model.”)
The more successful of the two AI models managed to come up with novel masks with sideways orientations, hair or “hair-like projections,” or oblong features.
“The goal is not to generate a perfectly realistic mask … but more towards observing any creative or artistic elements encoded in the resulting GAN,” Dibia wrote.
“In this case, while some of the generated images are not complete masks, they excel at capturing the 
 or 
 of African art,” Dibia wrote. “For example, I showed a colleague and they mentioned the generated images had a ‘tribal feel to it.'”
He leaves to future work extending the Africa Masks dataset, experiments with conditioned GANs, and other machine learning architectures for realistic and higher-resolution image generation.
More than three years after its release, Windows 10 has passed Windows 7 in market share. That means more desktop computers are now running Microsoft’s latest and greatest operating system than any other OS, according to 
. The milestone is a nice way for Microsoft to end 2018, even though the company surely was hoping it wouldn’t take this long for Windows 10 to overtake Windows 7.
Windows 10 adoption started out very strong, but slowed quickly as the months progressed. Microsoft was aiming for 
 but 
.
The operating system was installed on 
 in its first four weeks and passed 
 after 10 weeks, 
 in under six months, 
 after eight months, 
 after nine months, 
 after 11 months, 
 after 14 months, 
 after 21 months, and 
 after 27 months. In September, after 37 months, it passed 700 million devices.
Windows 10 had 38.14 percent market share in November and gained 1.08 percentage points in December to hit 39.22 percent. Windows 10 market share growth has been slowed ever since the 
 in July 2016.
Windows 8 slipped 0.05 percentage points to 0.88 percent, while Windows 8.1 lost 0.14 points to 4.45 percent. Together, they owned 5.33 percent of the market at the end of December. The duo’s peak was 16.45 percent back in May 2015.
Windows 7 dropped 1.99 percentage points, falling from 38.89 percent to 36.90 percent. This is what made it possible for Windows 10 to become the “most popular desktop OS” in December. Windows 7 
 way back in September 2012, and 
 in June 2015.
Windows Vista doesn’t even register anymore (it 
, the month of its 10-year anniversary). Windows XP somehow rebounded 0.31 points to 4.54 percent.
Windows overall slipped 0.83 percentage points to 86.20 percent in December. Year over year, Windows lost share, from 88.51 percent in December 2017.
Between November and December, macOS gained 0.94 points to 10.65 percent while Linux gained 0.70 points to 2.78 percent. Year over year, macOS was up from 9.02 percent share and Linux was up from 2.12 percent share.
Net Applications uses data captured from 160 million unique visitors each month by monitoring some 40,000 websites for its clients. This means it measures 
.
If you prefer 
, you’ll want to get your data from 
, which looks at 15 billion page views every month. The operating system figures for December are available 
.
Blockchain gaming is one of those technologies that no one is excited about except for a handful of startups … and maybe GamesBeat lead writer 
. Blockchain, of course, is the innovation that powers 
 like bitcoin. When it comes to gaming, however, a number of companies are promising that it will — well, I don’t know. Mostly, it just sounds like people are trying to make new platforms to do a lot of stuff that 
 already handles, like ownership of digital items.
This is why blockchain gaming has won the John McAfee Award for Destroying Time and Wealth. This is one of the accolades we handed out as part of 
 for our 
You can listen to us discuss this award in the video above, or check it out as part of our entire Bad Awards category in the podcast below:
John McAfee ran the company that created the McAfee antivirus software, and now he doesn’t. Instead, he now spends his time like any bizarre billionaire: evading police questioning regarding 
, 
, and investing in cryptocurrencies.
In December 2017, McAfee grew frustrated with people doubting the long-term viability of cryptocurrencies.
“Bitcoin now at $16,600,” 
. “Those of you in the old school who believe this is a bubble simply have not understood the new mathematics of the blockchain, or you did not care enough to try. Bubbles are mathematically impossible in this new paradigm. So are corrections and all else.”
Ignoring that it would be very bad for literally anything if pricing corrections were impossible, that tweet did not age well. Since then, Bitcoin has lost 75 percent of its value. It is now trading at $4,000.
As someone who write about games and the business of games, I get a lot of pitches about blockchain gaming. I started ignoring those emails months ago. And the reason for that is because the technology is almost entirely meaningless at this point. A lot of companies are trying to make it happen, and that’s fine. But not a single one of those startups has made a compelling argument to consumers, game developers, or publishers.
That doesn’t mean these businesses are short on hypotheticals. They all have big ideas about the potential for the blockchain. It could decentralize ownership of digital items, and that is an interesting idea. Developers could also potentially use blockchain tech to run tamper-resistant online worlds without requiring servers. Instead, games would run on local machines, and then the blockchain would keep track of any changes.
I think these ideas have potential. So now, why aren’t these startups building products to prove that this is filling a need? I think it’s likely because that need doesn’t exist — at least not in a way that is consistent with the amount of noise companies are trying to make about it.
So I’m going to continue ignoring blockchain gaming. I’ll start paying attention again if anyone makes a product that people actually care about.
It’s a tradition now at GamesBeat to try to look back and sum up the year as a single defining trend. This started out as a fun exercise to spot similar elements across multiple games — like 
. More recently, however, this trend is shifting to reflect the wider culture of gaming. We named 
. And 
.
Now, it’s time to figure out 2018, and a lot of trends are worthy of consideration here. Developer unionization is picking up momentum. Affordable cloud infrastructure is making it more viable for big companies to leave or challenge Steam. Fortnite — you could definitely argue it was the year of Fortnite. But while those are all important, ongoing stories that are changing the industry, we went with a continuation of last year’s trend instead.
You can listen to us pick our trend in the video above or listen to it as part of our podcast below:
The reason 2017 was the year of the gamer-rage opportunists is because that’s when the business of making money from angering gaming fans came into its own. In the perverse entertainment industry on YouTube, creators capitalized on YouTube’s algorithm rewarding popularity. And creating content that gives gamers a reason to get mad at publishers, feminists, and SJWs is a reliable way to earn that popularity.
This has led to a large group of creators on YouTube jumping from one controversy to the next. If they find a topic that reliably gets views, they stick with it until their audience grows old. Then, they move on to the next one. If the next controversy doesn’t exist, YouTube creators manufacture one.
You can find 
 into believing that a class of media elites called the excellent platformer Cuphead racist. And in August, 
. In both of those cases, the controversies that the YouTube creators were reacting to did not exist. A couple of people talked about Cuphead’s art having an origin in racist cartoons. For Doom Eternal, all it took was one or two tweets that no one would have noticed until the opportunists jumped on it to fuel their business of outrage.
And if 2017 was the year that gamer-rage opportunists grew into a mature business, then 2018 was the year that gamers realized how to wield their outrage as a tool to get what they want.
Last year, Star Wars: Battlefront II was going to launch with some pay-to-win microtransactions in the form of loot boxes. The fan reaction to this was so loud and so hot that it drew the attention of government regulators around the world. And more importantly than government regulators, it drew the attention of 
 brand owner The Walt Disney Company. In response, Electronic Arts made a last-minute decision to pull all loot boxes from Battlefront II.
This was a win for gaming fans. They worked collectively to force a massive corporation to change an unpopular business practice, and it worked. But every fan community realized that if they can get loud enough to scare Disney, they can get loud enough to scare anyone. And since then, we’ve seen that scenario play out again and again.
Sometimes, that outrage works to change things for the better. Bethesda sold a $200 collector’s edition of Fallout 76 without telling customers it was switching the canvas bag in the ad with a cheap nylon replacement. Fans shouted about that, and Bethesda caved in and is now in the process of getting canvas bags out to people.
But for these gaming mobs, the point isn’t to ensure that the guy spending $200 on Fallout 76 gets the right bag. As with the YouTube opportunists, the outrage is the point. These mobs are outraged first, and then, they look for reasons to justify that outrage.
Diablo Immortal is one of the best example of this. At BlizzCon in November, Blizzard announced Diablo Immortal as its next mobile game. This upset fans of the series who wanted more news about a PC sequel or a remaster of an earlier PC game. But in the wake of that disappointment, the Diablo fandom manufactured multiple false justifications for their outrage.
Fans first claimed that 
, but 
. Then, 
, but it isn’t. I talked about that in 
. But those similarities come down to Netease aping Diablo’s style as well as Diablo Immortal using a similar on-screen button layout. Blizzard and Netease are using that button layout because they know it works.
The people in these mobs throw out justifications for why Diablo Immortal isn’t just disappointing, it is a scam. Or it is unethical. Or it’s a slap in the face to real fans. 
  And the mob will take that idea, strip it of its nuance, and amplify it.
It’s almost like the people who make up these mobs realize that they are overreacting. That if they are just freaking out because they don’t want a product a company announced, that is kind of embarrassing. But the mob senses that doubt, and it is capable of throwing out endless ad hoc theories for why their anger is righteous.
So how is that different than one or two people with a few followers calling out the jokes in the Doom Eternal trailer? Well, those people weren’t part of a mob. Those views weren’t amplified by people looking to be outraged by Doom Eternal. In fact, those tweets only found a wider audience when YouTube reactionaries used them to fuel their own mobs.
And that’s the point here. You can say whatever you want about a game. You can call Doom Eternal “problematic,” and you can call Diablo Immortal a “reskin.” That isn’t the issue. What I’m trying to emphasize here is that gaming fans need to recognize what happens to those throwaway half-baked criticisms when they happen inside of a mob.
But who cares? People get mad at businesses and the people at those companies all the time. Is this really any different than an annoying group of vegans demanding that Five Guys Burger and Fries serve a non-meat option?
I think it is different, and we’ve seen evidence of that throughout this past year. The gaming community has the power to frighten the executives at major corporations, and fans are finding out that those companies are often more than willing to sacrifice some of their workers to quench the mob’s thirst for punishment.
In July, 
 for not putting up with disrespectful fans. Then in September, 
 who were upset about an official League of Legends event that excluded men.
What’s dangerous here is that people see that gaming mobs work. And people can also see how easy it is to get gamers angry (it’s even a good business). So, reactionaries are using this to go after low-level marginalized people at major corporations.
In the ArenaNet case, Guild Wars 2 narrative designer Jessica Price told someone on Twitter that she knows how to do her job. At worst, she was dismissive of someone who was dismissive of her abilities. I wouldn’t even qualify what she said as “rude.” But a mob formed to make ArenaNet punish her, and the developer decided that was a price it was willing to pay.
While the threat of a large crowd of angry gamers is real and immediate for many people in gaming, the effects could run deeper. Look at Marvel’s Spider-Man from Insomniac Games. The studio faced backlash for not including the Spider-Man suit from the Sam Raimi films in the game. That 
.
And then, 
. This was likely something that the studio worked on for a very long time. The design and approval process is something that can take months. You could probably find the suit listed among many others on a whiteboard in the studio’s office before the game came out.
But many people who made up the crowd of Insomniac harassers likely assumed that they made this happen. This group was never massive. They were just whining on Twitter, and yet they think that they were enable to enact change just like Battlefront II. And when I talk to people familiar with the studio, it’s clear that the Raimi-suit whining affected them. But worse than that is people assuming that they added the suit just because of the angry fans.
If you worked at Insomniac, you could imagine how this would make you feel. You worked for months to make this thing happen, and instead of getting credit for that labor, people assume you just did this to cave to fans.
Mobs have become so common that even when something probably wasn’t the result of fan outrage — and I don’t think the Raimi whiners were even a mob — people just assume that developers only do something because of loud fan pressure. This creates more incentive for people to repeat this outrage when they want something, and that’s demoralizing for the people working in games.
And hey, you can argue that this is part of the job. I don’t disagree. It is part of the job, but game developers are usually very talented. And there are industries that would gladly pay them well to work reasonable hours with zero risk of ever having to deal with fans hounding you on Twitter about a skin. This is something that developers think about a lot. They are even beginning to acknowledge it publicly.
Some, like Destiny director Luke Smith, are trying to recognize how they contributed to this “passion.”
I think it’s kind of reaping what we sow. Expectations of ongoing support or games as service or whatnot — they bring out passion. 
Passion that may be rooted in something even more primal — confronting how we spend our time (arguably humans most precious resource).
— Luke Smith (@thislukesmith) 
But it’s possible that this defining trend is going to scare people away from making games. That’s only going to hurt ourselves in the end. And sure, we can say, “if it’s too hot, get out of the kitchen.” And many people are doing exactly that. I would argue that driving certain unwanted people out of the industry is the real point of many of these mobs. But I’m suggesting a possible alternative where gamers try to reflect and come to terms with the responsibility of the power that they hold when they act collective again the people who make games.
It’s been proven time and time again that electric toothbrushes are far more effective at cleaning both your teeth and gums than traditional toothbrushes. Whether you’re primarily interested in removing plaque or attaining a whiter smile, 
 get the job done far more efficiently.
But not all electric toothbrushes are created equal. This state-of-the-art 
 keeps both your teeth and itself ultra clean, and its already-discounted price of $69.99 has just be dropped to $49.99 — over 80 percent off its original price for a limited time.
Unlike most electric toothbrushes that inevitably build up an unsanitary level of bacteria on their bristles after every use, this innovate brush actually cleans itself, thanks to a UV sanitizing base that eliminates everything from excess plaque to germs and bacteria on the surface of the brush.
And with a whopping 40,000 strokes per minute, this brush blasts away cavity-causing plaque at an unparalleled pace — meaning fewer trips to the dentists and dreadful cleaning appointments.
You’ll enjoy 30-second area change alerts that let you know when it’s time to focus on a different section of your teeth, and a two-minute smart auto timer makes it easy to tell when you’ve hit the dentist-recommended brushing time.
There are also several brushing modes — ranging from clean, dazzle, to pulse — that allow you to brush in a customized fashion that matches your specific needs. And you’ll be able to use the brush for up to two weeks on a single charge — meaning you won’t have to worry about taking the brush with you on extended trips without the charging base.
Your order also comes with two additional brush heads and soft, DuPont bristles that are ideal for gum health.
Treat yourself to a healthier mouth with an electric toothbrush that also cleans itself — the Platinum Sonic Toothbrush & UV Sanitizing Charging Base is available for over 80 percent off MSRP at 
 for a limited time.
Artificial intelligence is without question one of the most captivating and influential corners of the technology world today, but it’s also one of the noisiest.
To wrap our heads around the complicated mashup of subjects that coalesce to make coverage of the AI beat possible, we write the AI Weekly.
This is our sandbox of sorts, a place to let the most important topics that emerge in AI circles ruminate, stretch out, and find clarity. Naturally, a fair number of conceptual insights have emerged throughout the year.
So instead of diving deep into the news of the day, this week we’re looking back at some favorites from 2018 — topics with lasting impact and importance.
On the AI assistant front, we saw Alexa and Cortana begin to work together. Cortana is available on hundreds of millions of devices, and Echo is still the most popular smart speaker. Google has the Android operating system, though, an 
 unlike any of its competitors.
That advantage is not insurmountable, however, because although Google took steps to improve its Assistant on Android smartphones, as ambient computing becomes more popular and people increasingly blurt out questions that come to mind, 
.
We documented how this fall 
 while at the same time entering full pitch mode for smart displays, and we looked at the 
.
We also took time to recognize the good that people are trying to accomplish with intelligent machines, like the multiple systems zeroing in on 
.
We also took a moment to note that President Trump should have listened to Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, who has since 
, and 
 have done.
Also in Washington, we took a close look at how U.S. senators, many of them Democratic presidential candidates, have raised 
.
One of my favorites from Kyle Wiggers is about the danger that 
 will distract from pressing problems we face now. He also shared a 
and covered the conflicts between 
.
My favorite from former AI staff writer Blair Hanley Frank analyzed the way tech companies market AI solutions and proclaimed that 
.
I know I said I wouldn’t offer any conceptual scoops this week, but one insight does arise from this array of highlights.
In a recent conversation, I heard someone argue that AI is basically the same as previous tech paradigm shifts, like mobile and social, which have gone from being nascent interests to permeating our daily lives.
But artificial intelligence differs from such previous leaps in that it may end up infiltrating society on a level previously unimagined, extending from business to government to education and national defense.
That means it’s going to require understanding from and possible action by lawmakers, business leaders, military leaders, civil leaders, and the citizenry of democratic societies.
That’s probably why the 
 report found a sharp rise in the number of mentions of AI by members of the U.S. Congress and British members of Parliament this year.
Enjoy 2019, and if there’s anything in particular you think we should be writing about in the newsletter or our coverage, feel free to email Kyle Wiggers at 
 or me at 
.
Thanks for reading,
Khari Johnson

AI Staff Writer
P.S. Please enjoy this video from Nvidia of fabricated AI faces generated from the faces of real people.
Samsung gave a preview of its C-Lab incubator’s eight latest graduates, including an AI-enabled desk lamp and an ASMR sound recording app.
TVs, set-top boxes, tablets, and speakers with Amazon’s Alexa built in made for popular gifts this season, according to the retailer.
TVs, set-top boxes, tablets, and speakers with Amazon’s Alexa built in made for popular gifts this season, according to the retailer.
This is a guide to the basics: 10 top features and ways to start talking with Google Assistant and put your Google Home smart speaker to work.
Three companies may not have made huge headlines in 2018 but are still facing big questions heading into 2019: Yelp, Snap, and IBM.
A look back at some of the European companies bought up by U.S. tech firms in 2018, including Shazam, iZettle, and Blue Vision Labs.
Donald Knuth, master of algorithms, reflects on 50 years of his opus-in-progress, “The Art of Computer Programming.” 
Denmark is using algorithms to deliver benefits to citizens—and undermining its own democracy in the process. 
Researchers at Descartes Labs are using artificial intelligence to make a better map of the urban tree canopy. 
Two teams of researchers exploit electrostatic forces to send mini-bots up vertical surfaces. Andrew Masterson reports. 
Swapping giraffes for sheep. Switching skirts with jeans. It might sound far-fetched, but those are just a couple of the feats a machine learning algorithm designed by researchers at the Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology and the Pohang University of Science and Technology can accomplish after ingesting large datasets of images. It’s described in a new paper (“
“) published on the preprint server Arxiv.org this week.
Image-to-image translation systems — that is, systems that learn the mapping from input image to output image — aren’t anything new, to be clear. Only earlier this month, Google AI researchers developed a 
 that can realistically insert an object in a photo by predicting its scale, occlusions, pose, shape, and more. But as the creators of 
 wrote in the paper, even state-of-the-art methods aren’t perfect.
“Unsupervised image-to-image translation has gained considerable attention due to the recent impressive progress based on generative adversarial networks (GANs),” they said. (For the uninitiated, GANs are two-part neural networks consisting of 
 that produce samples and 
that attempt to distinguish between the generated samples and real-world samples.) “However, previous methods often fail in challenging cases, in particular, when an image has multiple target instances and a translation task involves significant changes in shape[.]”
Above: InstaGAN trained on the COCO dataset.
The researchers’ solution is a system — InstaGAN — that incorporates instance information of multiple target objects. In this case, that’s object segmentation masks (groups of pixels that belong to the same object), which usefully incorporate the boundaries of objects while ignoring details such as color.
Novelly, InstaGAN translates both an image and the corresponding set of instance attributes while aiming to preserve the background context. When combined with an innovative technique that allows it to handle a large number of instance attributes on conventional hardware, it can generalize for images with 
 instances.
“To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to report image-to-image translation results for multi-instance transfiguration tasks,” the researchers wrote. “Unlike the previous results in a simple setting, our focus is on the 
 of instances naturally rendered with the background.”
The researchers supplied InstaGAN with two classes from various datasets including 
, 
, and 
. Compared to CycleGAN, an accepted baseline for transformation between two images, InstaGAN was more successful at producing “reasonable shapes” of the target instances while keeping the original contexts.
In one example, InstaGAN generated giraffes, which it convincingly replaced with sheep. In other tests, it created bare human legs it superimposed on a runway model’s body, and swapped cups for bottles.
“The experiments on different datasets have shown successful image-to-image translation on the challenging tasks of multi-instance transfiguration, including new tasks, e.g., translating jeans to skirt in fashion images,” the researchers wrote. “Investigating new tasks and new information could be an interesting research direction in the future.”
As I ponder the role-playing games I’m keeping an eye on in 2019, my first thought is, “Hey, wait, 
”
Then I remember that we’ve got outstanding games coming next year, beginning with a big triple-A release at the end of January that fans have been waiting almost 15 years for; 
 first new property since, well, The Witcher’s debut in 2007; what could be the finale 
; the end of another 
; and a host of others, big and small. We’ll see 
 return to smartphones and The Elder Scrolls come to mobile, and the remaster of one of Final Fantasy’s quirkiest games.
And a dungeon that’s a boyfriend.
Here’s my look at what I’m excited for in 2019, in no meaningful order. And yes, I realize I’m leaving 
, off the list. That’s because I’m not looking forward to it. I don’t even think it’s really an RPG. If you have a RPG that I should be preparing for, 
. Thank you!
Above: The Outer Worlds is Obsidian’s new sci-fi role-playing game.
 Obsidian Entertainment, Private Division


 The Private Division


 PC, PlayStation 4, Xbox One
Obsidian Entertainment made my favorite RPG of 2018, Pillars of Eternity II: Deadfire, and it’s taking to the stars for its next adventure: The Outer Worlds. It takes place on the frontier, and the trailer announcing this RPG at The Game Awards earlier this month brought the ol’ Fox series 
 and other sci-fi Western tales to mind. Obsidian is teaming up with Private Division, a studio from some of the creators of the original Fallout, and the game coming out on the PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Above: Etrian Odyssey Nexus is the dungeon crawler’s 3DS finale.
 Atlus


 Atlus


 Nintendo 3DS
This will be the final game I play on my Nintendo 3DS before retiring it (aka giving it to my kids). It’s going to be a celebration of everything Etrian Odyssey: lots of classes, more Labyrinths, more mapping options. What makes this turn-based RPG so special is that you can use the lower 3DS screen to create maps of the dungeons, using symbols to note where entrances, water, traps, and other surprises lurk. You create your party members as well, and this final entry will also have a standalone story mode.
Above: Not quite the Avengers, but they’ll do.
 Square Enix


 Square Enix


 PlayStation 4, Xbox One
I don’t follow Kingdom Hearts’ story as closely as my colleague, GamesBeat Reviews editor Mike Minotti. Heck, I don’t even remember where Kingdom Hearts II left off — when it came out here in 2006, I wasn’t married, didn’t have children, didn’t have a lot of gray hair, and wasn’t even in the enthusiast press: I was a sports journalist! Whatever. I’m looking forward to throwing spells with Donald Duck and trying to figure out how all this Disney love fits in a wacky JRPG world.
 Eko


 Bigben, Maximum Games


 PC, PlayStation 4, Xbox One
I adore Warhammer’s fantasy universe, and we haven’t had a good hack-‘n’-slasher in it yet. Chaosbane promises the loot, skill trees, and other bullet items of action-RPGs, and it pairs it with Bloodlust, which you get from slaughtering your foes. The last time we got a good look at the Warhammer fantasy universe was Warhammer Online, which lasted from 2008 to 2013. It does look a lot like Diablo, but so do many other fantasy action-RPGs (like Sacred), and they still find ways to stand out.
Above: Torchlight Frontiers in action.
Echtra Games


 Perfect World Entertainment


 PC, PlayStation 4, Xbox One
One of my favorite Diablo-likes is Torchlight. You can still count on slaying lots of monsters and finding loot, all in fanciful levels with whimsical art design. But this time, Torchlight is going online, and players will be able to slay monsters together.
Above: A Plague’s Tale: Innocence is one of the most creepy — and captivating — games from E3.
 Asobo Studio


 Focus Home Interactive


 PC, PlayStation 4, Xbox One
No game disturbed me on such a fundamental level as A Plague’s Tale did in 2016 — at E3 that year, I watched a video where the main characters (children) dealt with a supernatural infestation of rats in France. The rodents had overrun their medieval town, and the kids were trying to make sense of what’s going on in the midst of gruesome nests … and worse.
Above: Cyberpunk 2077 looks, well, punk.
 CD Projekt Red


 CD Projeckt Red


 PC, PlayStation 4, Xbox One
The second and third Witcher games are some of my favorite RPGs of the past decade, and I’m eager to see how CD Projekt Red goes from writing for fantasy to telling a tale about a cyberpunk universe. I enjoyed The Witcher III’s combat (though others have criticized it for being cumbersome, with cause), and I’m curious to see how CD Projekt Red makes it smoother.
A 
 that keeps tabs on your furry friend’s fitness was all the rage last year, as were 
, 
, and other tech-centric pet accessories. But leave it to Volta, a Milan designer of connected home appliances and industrial apps, to reinvigorate the category with a pet bowl — Mookkie — it says is driven by artificial intelligence (AI).
Mookkie, which will make its formal debut at the 2019 Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas next week, features a built-in camera with a fisheye lens, an IR sensor, and an embedded circuit board that automatically detects pets. If a recognizable face — or muzzle, rather — comes within range of its sensors, a mechanical panel rotates open to reveal the feed compartment. Better still, Volta says that Mookkie’s embedded deep neural network can distinguish between individual pets — preventing, say, Fido from overfeeding, or a wild animal from stealing your good boy’s dinner.
In those respects, Mookkie is not unlike 
‘s connected dog camera, which similarly taps a camera, machine learning algorithms, and a food-dispensing mechanism to capture pet selfies or alert you when potentially dangerous activity is detected. 
, too, helps monitors pets with the aid of a wide-angle camera and a two-way speaker system, as does Petnet’s SmartFeeder.
But Mookkie boasts some quality of life improvements that the competition doesn’t, such as a magnetic system that centers the feed bowl during repositioning and an ergonomic, patent-pending polypropylene housing that’s both “easy to grasp” and “stylish.” (Volta says that the polycarbonate feed flap is resistant to chemical agents that might harm cats or dogs.)
Mookkie connects to a local network over Wi-Fi, and communicates with a smartphone companion app to notify you (or send a short video) when doggo’s about to munch. And like so many other “smart” products on the market these days, the AI-driven pet bowl works with voice assistants like the Google Assistant and Alexa. A series of simple commands is all you need to control the feed bowl’s latch, get the skinny on served meals, and order food when it’s running low.
CEO Silvio Revelli says that Volta is targeting a $189 price point, and expects the AI-powered pet bowl to go on sale by the end of 2019 on the official 
. The plan is to let owners customize the colors and engrave their pet’s name.
“At Volta, we consider AI to be the new electricity,” he said. “We firmly believe that every product or service will eventually contain an AI aspect, which is why we provide our customers with this capability. … Mookkie is the living demonstration that we can place AI in almost every product, evolving its use experience through AI.”
Motion sickness: It’s far from the flashiest aspect of VR, but it’s a real problem for some people when they put on a headset and enter a virtual world. 
 happens when your eyes tell your brain you’re moving around in a VR environment, but your body feels like it’s sitting in a chair or standing still. If you’re prone to the problem, these conflicting inputs cause you to feel miserable. Specifically, you might experience sensations like nausea, dizziness, headaches, sweating, excessive salivating, or all of the above. Even worse, these symptoms can continue for hours after you take off the headset and compound together.
Even if you’ve experienced VR motion sickness first-hand, don’t give up hope just yet. It’s possible to mitigate and even overcome VR-induced motion sickness altogether. We’ve already gone over a 
, so we’ve included some advice specifically for consumers below. Next time you’re having issues, give some of these a try.
Let’s say you’ve had a bad experience playing a VR game. You tried it, and the moment you started moving around in the virtual world, your stomach lurched and your head started to spin. You might not be inclined to venture back into VR, but if you give up now, you’ll be depriving yourself of some truly amazing experiences. It’s actually possible to overcome VR motion sickness without using any crazy tricks at all. You can do it simply by taking it slow.
If a game makes you feel queasy, start out by limiting your play sessions to just a few minutes at a time. When you start feeling uncomfortable, shut your eyes, breathe deeply, and take a short break before trying again. If you gradually increase the time you spend in those games, there’s a good chance you’ll overcome the discomfort in just a few days’ time. Before long, you’ll be cruising around imaginary worlds like a pro. For many people, getting their “VR legs” just takes patience and practice.
This one sounds bizarre, but at least 
 suggests it’s rooted in scientific fact. According to the report, you may be able to overcome VR motion sickness simply by having someone tell you you’re going to be fine. The study focused on naval cadets who, prior to boarding their assigned vessel, were told they were unlikely to suffer from seasickness, regardless of whether it was true.
As a result, the cadets who’d been given this “verbal placebo” got seasick at a lower rate than cadets who hadn’t. Assuming the findings are accurate, this method could help anyone who’s anxious about VR motion sickness before trying. Now you just have to get over your anxiety about asking someone for such a strange favor.
That thin, slippery garnish that comes with your sushi isn’t just for cleansing your palate. According to 
, it’s also good for kneecapping nausea before it starts. If you eat ginger — or take a ginger supplement — an hour or two before putting on a VR headset, you may lower your chances of losing your lunch. Whether it works for you or not, it’s as good an excuse as any to make some quick additions or alterations to your diet.
Above: So, that’s what the fan is for.
Another potential VR motion sickness cure that might sound strange is to have a fan blowing your direction while you play. It’s not clear why a cool breeze on your skin makes you less likely to hurl, but many nausea-prone forum goers have reported that it does indeed stop the discomfort before it starts. If you have a fan handy and you’ve struggled in a VR game, why not give it a shot? At the very least maybe it will help stop you from sweating inside the headset so much.
If you’ve ever felt seasick on a boat or gotten dizzy from reading in a car, there’s a good chance someone recommended you take Dramamine. Dramamine is an antiemetic medicine you can use to curb any symptoms you might get from motion sickness — which includes the VR-induced variety.
Dramamine comes in a number of forms, from standard pills to chewable tablets, and under a number of brand names. There’s even one that’s designed to provide 24 hours of nausea protection, which would be a good fit for anyone who likes to marathon their way through games.
If you’re looking for a potential solution that doesn’t involve taking medication, Sea-Bands might be the right choice. Sea-Bands (and other similar products) are wristbands that put acupuncture pressure on what’s known as the Nei-Kuan point in your wrist. The result, for many people, is a reduced susceptibility to motion sickness. Like some other potential solutions on this list, Sea-Bands are primarily marketed toward travelers, but VR users have reported that they work in virtual worlds as well. You can buy Sea-Bands and other similar products online or at most drug stores.
If you live in an area where marijuana is legal and you’re old enough to use it, you may find the solution to VR motion sickness in medicinal weed. After all, one of the primary applications of medical marijuana is to 
. It’s not for everyone, but if it works, it works.
Now the bad news: it’s possible none of these potential solutions will help you feel better in motion-heavy VR experiences. If none of them work for you, your best option is simply to avoid playing games that bring motion sickness on. Racing games, flying games, and games that let you move freely to explore virtual worlds are good ones to avoid if you’re susceptible to VR motion sickness.
On the plus side, that leaves plenty of VR experiences as fair game. If you simply focus only on games and apps where your viewpoint remains locked in place, or only lets you move through actual roomscale movement or teleportation, you’ll probably fare just fine.
 once again took first place for the most-seen gaming industry commercials, 
. Meanwhile, 
 of TV ad impressions for gaming brands, while chart newcomer Oculus VR made an appearance at No. 4.
GamesBeat has partnered with iSpot.tv, the real-time TV ad measurement company with attention and conversion analytics from more than eight million smart TVs, to bring you a monthly report on TV advertising by the gaming industry. These are the ads, and by extension the games, that game makers are putting major muscle behind.
Below are the top five most-seen gaming industry TV advertisers from Nov. 16 through Dec. 15.
The holiday season is in full swing and gaming industry TV ad impressions are up once again, with nearly 5.4 billion from the previous period’s 4.5 billion. In total, 26 brands spent an estimated $101.6 million on 103 commercials that ran over 23,000 times.
Longtime chart-topper PlayStation maintained its lead with almost 1.6 billion impressions from 10 commercials that aired over 4,400 times. The most-seen spot was “Borderlands 2 VR: Maya” with over 330 million impressions. As you may expect, PlayStation seemed to prioritize reaching a male-skewing, sports-loving audience: top impression numbers came from networks including ESPN, Fox, and Adult Swim, and from programs such as the NFL, college football, and the NBA.
With almost 1.2 billion impressions created by 20 spots that aired over 7,800 times, Nintendo took second place. Its most-watched ad (199.4 million impressions) was for the Switch, titled “Pokémon: Let’s Go, Pikachu! and Pokémon: Let’s Go, Eevee’.” Networks that generated the most impressions for the brand included Disney Channel, Nick, and ESPN, while top shows included SpongeBob SquarePants, college football, and The Loud House.
At No. 3 was Xbox with about 864.7 million TV impressions generated by five commercials that ran over 3,800 times. Its top spot was “Official Launch Trailer,” promoting Battlefield V, with 520.2 million impressions. Xbox received the most impressions from a sports-loving audience, with college football, the NFL, and SportsCenter as top programs while networks with high impression counts included ESPN, truTV, and Comedy Central.
Oculus VR joined the top five with 12 spots that aired over 900 times, resulting in 524.9 million impressions. The most-seen commercial with 112 million impressions was “See It in VR” featuring celebrities including Wiz Khalifa, Leslie Jones, and Awkwafina. Fox, ESPN, and Food Network were three of the networks that generated high impression numbers, while the NFL, Family Feud, and SportsCenter were some of the top programs.
EA Sports rounded out the ranking with 236.1 million impressions generated by five spots that ran over 400 times. With 154.2 million impressions, “Make Your Play Part 2” was the company’s most-seen ad. Impressions were primarily generated by networks such as ESPN, NFL Network, and ABC, and programs including the NFL, college football, and Monday Night Kickoff.
Writing is hard. Whether you’re drafting an email to your boss or trying to pen the next great American novel, ensuring that everything from your punctuation to your overall sentence structures is error-free is no easy task.
But most spell-checking apps and grammar aids only live up to their names when it comes to overall functionality. 
, on the other hand, is a comprehensive, all-in-one tool that corrects everything from minor typos to the overall flow of your text, and right now a Lifetime Premium subscription is available for 80 percent off at just $79.
Unlike most writing aids that rely on simple tools and libraries to c
, WhiteSmoke Writing Assistant utilizes artificial intelligence to help improve your overall writing style as well.
Whether you’re writing on a mobile device or desktop, this top-rated app is compatible with all browsers, easy to install, and lets you perfect your writing in virtually any medium.
It activates with a single click and quickly analyzes your text using unique patented algorithms that will help you craft better sentences and eliminate multiple types of writing errors — from small mistakes and typos to grammar issues and formatting mistakes. You’ll also have unlimited access to a wide range of writing tutorials and document templates that can save you much-needed time during the drafting process.
This software even comes with a translator that can be used with over fifty languages, and you’ll even be able to easily check for accidental plagiarism thanks to a huge database of submitted papers, emails, and journal entries — making this an ideal tool for students and academic writers.
Write more effectively with a Lifetime Premium subscription to WhiteSmoke Writing Assistant for 
 — 80 percent off its usual price for a limited time.
It can take 15 years or more for research to transfer from academia to full industrial deployment. For the founders of Majicke, an automated software testing startup created out of University College London (UCL), it took not much over a year.
In September 2016, a trio of UCL researchers founded Majicke with the idea of building on decades of 
 (SBSE) research to create tools that automate the process of finding 
 Traditionally designed by humans, test cases are used to determine whether software will function correctly under different circumstances. Majicke’s core product was Sapienz, a tool that leverages SBSE to automatically generate test sequences and find crashes.
In January 2017, Facebook 
 that it was acqui-hiring Majicke’s founders, Professor Mark Harman (scientific advisor), Ke Mao (CTO), and Yue Jia (CEO), alongside some of the company’s assets — while Majicke itself was wound down.
Above: Sapienz: Ke Mao (CTO), Mark Harman (scientific advisor), and Yue Jia (CEO)
Today, 
 is an engineering manager at Facebook, where he is able to test the impact of his research on products used by billions of people — though he also maintains a part-time academic position at UCL. Mao and Jia are also now software engineers at Facebook.
Facebook already uses artificially intelligent software across its suite of public-facing products to automate myriad processes, from 
 to assisting with 
. Behind the scenes, the company has also been pushing to scale automated software testing and verification across its products in order to detect glitches long 
 they hit Google’s or Apple’s app stores.
Back in 2013, Facebook 
 it was acquiring Monoidics, the London-based developer behind a static automated code verification tool called Infer Static Analyzer, which was designed to identify buggy mobile code early on and then demonstrate that the bug had been fixed. Around the same time, Harman and his team at UCL were doing research on generating test cases, a technique related to verification. “In testing, you try to find the presence of bugs so you can get rid of them, and in verification you prove the absence of bugs,” Harman said in a Q&A session held at Facebook’s London HQ.
The Monoidics acquisition, ultimately, was to be the genesis for Harman’s startup.
“We thought we should have a startup, too, if we were going to have an impact with this research,” Harman continued. “So we set up a startup called Majicke.”
Facebook has been known for its “
 mantra since it first launched on the web 14 years ago. But with the advent of native mobile phone apps, rolling out fixes for bugs isn’t quite so easy. If a bug is found on the web, an update can be rolled out immediately, but mobile apps require the user to physically update their app to get a fix, which makes it all the more important to find bugs well before the app ships.
Above: Infer at work
A widely accepted principle in the software engineering realm is that the later a bug is caught, the more effort — and cost — goes into fixing it. This is where both Infer and Sapienz come into play.
Infer is actually complementary to Sapienz, and both teams still work from Facebook’s engineering hub in London. Together, the products let programmers build code without spending too much time testing for bugs.
Infer is what is known as a “static” analysis tool that is useful earlier in the development process, before the code is executed, while Sapienz is a dynamic analysis tool, which means it’s designed for an executable “runtime” environment. Infer basically pinpoints code that it 
 looks dodgy, while Sapienz confirms it by running the code and finding a crash.
“Sapienz’ job is to run the code in a realistic environment to see if it can cause a failure in practice,” Harman said. “If Sapienz finds a real problem, and Infer had a likely possible cause, then if we connect those two up we’ve got all the path between cause and effect.”
Sapienz runs on a whole bunch of emulators rather than the live version of an app — remember, the goal is to catch bugs before they ship. Here you can see an example of various instances of Facebook’s apps being tested by Sapienz — basically creating test sequences to try to catch problems in the code.
Above: Examples of Facebook apps being tested in emulators.
The most common bug identified by Sapienz is what is known in the industry as a 
, in which a referenced object in a line of code is invalid.
The ultimate goal of Sapienz is, of course, to expedite crash fixes so the final version of an app update is as polished as possible. But it’s also about allowing developers to move faster on the actual writing of new code, and to work on things that are more interesting.
“They [developers] would much rather be creative and create new products than try to work out why this particular pointer here was referencing something it shouldn’t or was a null,” Harman said.
Sapienz was deployed for the first time in Facebook’s main Android app in September 2017. This represented a rapid rise in fortunes for Sapienz’ creators, in particular CTO 
 who worked as chief developer of the first incarnation of Sapienz while he a PhD student.
“He was able to go from being a PhD student to joining Facebook and seeing the work in his PhD deployed … I mean, it was starting to be deployed even before he’d submitted his thesis,” Harman added. “There’s research that shows how long it takes for an idea to go from conception to practice — 15 to 17 years it can take to go from academic research to industrial deployment. This PhD student did it in 17 months, if not fewer.”
In the months since its first deployment, Sapienz has been expanded to cover Facebook’s other Android apps, including those for Messenger, Instagram, and Workplace, as well as the main Facebook iOS app.
So what induces an esteemed computer engineering professor to join a company such as Facebook? Well, it all comes down to application at scale — the ability to see the impact of their work on more than 2 billion people.
“One of the things that attracts scholars to come work here [at Facebook] is that the biggest challenge in software engineering is scalability — how do you scale up the techniques you’re applying?,” Harman said. “In a university, you can work on fairly small-scale examples in laboratory conditions, but what you really want to be able to do is see ‘Can my ideas apply at very big scale?'”
According to Harman, around 100,000 changes are made to Facebook’s various products each week, which affords a significant opportunity to test Sapienz at scale.
“That kind of scale, as an academic … we can’t find that in very many other places,” he added.
According to Harman, 75 percent of reported crashes end up getting fixed, which means that Sapienz — more often than not — is flagging genuine issues in the code.
“For an automated technique to have a fix rate of 75 percent is pretty impressive, because it’s very easy for an automated technique to generate all sorts of irrelevant noise for engineers,” he said.
As Facebook continues honing its bug-finding smarts, it’s simultaneously working on automated technology that will 
 the code. “Our dream is a world in which we can automatically find faults in software and then automatically fix them, as well,” Harman added.
A few months back, Facebook 
, which is already in the early stages of deployment in the Facebook Android app. SapFix automatically generates fixes for specific bugs, though the final call on whether to accept the fix is made by a human engineer.
Underpinning this 
, which provides fixes for bugs found by both Infer and Sapienz, and which learns from previous fixes conducted by engineers — so any recommendations it makes “are intuitive for engineers to review,” according to Facebook.
What we’re now seeing is a situation in which Infer and Sapienz are used to find and flag bugs and crashes, which will then trigger a patch generator via SapFix to fix the issues.
“This is very much bleeding edge, and it’s also a very current hot topic in the research community internationally,” Harman said. “We wanted to take all this technology, and the unique position we find ourselves in with both static and dynamic analysis, and see whether we can combine all these techniques to automatically fix some of the bugs we’re finding.”
As noted, 75 percent of bugs reported by Sapienz are fixed, but only a small portion of those are currently being fixed by SapFix — and yes, most of those are null pointers.
“About half of those that SapFix tries to fix, they actually work out to be good fixes and are accepted once checked [by an engineer],” Harman added.
To the casual observer, it may appear that we’re fast heading to a world in which developers will be redundant  — or, at least, a significant chunk of them. But Harman doesn’t think that will be the case. For now, human developers still review the final code before it’s catapulted into the main codebase, and of course they have to generate the code in the first place.
“We wouldn’t let an automated technology loose on our codebase without having developer oversight,” Harman said.
But what about years into the future — does Harman every envisage a day when software engineers are sidelined?
“Theoretically, you could get to that place, but I’m not sure practically whether we would want to do that,” he continued. “Psychologists have studied for a long time the difference between ‘generating’ and ‘checking’, and checking is usually an order of magnitude easier than generating.”
A good analogy here would perhaps be that of a spell-check program on a computer. Though 
 at generating meaningful text, for example in 
, it’s not clear that they will ever be able to rival humans at generating prose and other creative works. But most people now use spell-checking systems to spot errors in their text, and desktop publishing has allowed anyone to produce professional-grade publications without complex equipment.
Could automated software testing and debugging have a similar impact and open up programming to more people? Harman thinks that could be one potential outcome in the future — “because coding becomes more exciting and creative, and less about the nitty gritty that puts a lot of people off,” he said.
In other words, programming becomes more about 
 than 
.
In 2015, Facebook 
 it was open-sourcing Infer to improve its efficacy, something the company is also planning for both Sapienz and SapFix — though it hasn’t provided a timescale for either. We are probably looking at years rather than months, though.
“Ultimately, we can make this technology available to the whole community, and it can also have just as much impact on software in general as it does on Facebook here,” Harman said. “We can make the technology open source and the community can work on this, develop it, and apply it to their problems.”
Facebook 
 of 
, and the company is among the top contributors on GitHub. But it’s not purely an altruistic endeavor — open-sourcing also benefits Facebook, as the more projects Sapienz and SapFix are exposed to, the better the tools will become. The practice also plays an important role in attracting top technical talent to the company.
“One of the appeals for me, as an academic coming to Facebook, was the fact that Facebook has a good track record of making its code for infrastructural work on software engineering available,” Harman added.
Automation and AI are infiltrating just about every facet of society, so it makes sense that we’re also seeing such advances in the software engineering sphere. A few months back, Alphabet’s investment arm, GV, 
 in automated software-testing startup Mabl, while San Francisco-based Sauce Labs 
 for automated app testing smarts.
It seems that this concerted effort is part of a joint push to get engineers to a point where they can spend more time on creative stuff, rather than being bogged down in the nitty gritty of null pointers.
Valve released a list of the 100 top-selling VR games on Steam in 2018, and the biggest hit gets you off the couch and puts VR lightsabers into your hands.
More than 1,000 titles released on Steam this year with VR support, according to Bellevue, Washington-based Valve Corporation. The vast majority of the releases are VR-only but the only new 2018 VR release to reach the top “platinum” tier of gross revenue on Steam was 
 — which sold more than 
 in its first month of availability on PC this year.
We’ve linked to our reviews below for most of the titles in the platinum, gold and silver tiers. Other top selling VR titles at the platinum level include 
, Gorn, Orbus, H3VR, Pavlov, 
 (which released on PC in 2018 but appeared on PSVR in 2017), 
, 
, Onward, 
 and one title intended for adults only.
The gold tier of titles includes 
, 
, Virtual Desktop, Stand Out, Tilt Brush, 
, 
, Zero Caliber, 
, 
and 
. The silver tier includes two Serious Sam games as well as OVR, 
, 
, Box VR, 
, 
, Richie’s Plank Experience, 
, Dead Effect 2, Blade & Sorcery, VTOL, 
 and 
.
You can check out the 
 and 
 lists as well, with a lot of titles on 2018’s list also represented in previous years.  The 
 also includes 60 games at the bronze tier as well as a new section this year that lists top releases of 2018.
Both Facebook and cryptocurrencies have had a bad year. Could they do better, together, in 2019? Facebook apparently thinks so.
The company discreetly 
 early this year dedicated to exploring blockchain technology — led by David Marcus, former president of 
. Then this month we learned the company is 
, a cryptocurrency tethered to the U.S. dollar, in order to let WhatsApp users easily send money globally. Enthusiasts believe this combination of Whatsapp and stablecoin could be the breakthrough the crypto industry needs to go mainstream. But it seems equally likely, given Facebook’s sordid 2018, that the social network could do more damage to the crypto space.
Facebook’s mainstream reputation has been on a steady decline since the Cambridge Analytica scandal in early 2018, with 
. Since then, public perception has been so much on the decline that according to June data from the Pew Research Center, 42 percent of Facebook users reduced daily activity and engagement on the platform. (Just three months earlier, Pew’s survey found 74 percent of users visited daily and over half, 51 percent, went to the site numerous times throughout the day.)
If anything, 2018 taught the tech industry that if consumers didn’t care about data privacy and trust before, they do now, and they’re proving that with the brands and platforms they chose to support.
Between users denouncing the platform and prosumers having no idea what or how to approach crypto, it’s hard to be convinced that Facebook could be a driving force behind mainstream adoption.
How can the crypto industry trust Facebook to be an ally if the same audience they want to attract is now detaching itself from the platform? Facebook is building this payment system for a group of people who may or may not believe in the technology but will likely never believe in their brand again. It’s similar to the neighborhood bully joining the community watch program.
Choosing WhatsApp as a platform meant an instant user group. North Americans may be unfamiliar with the app, but its user base in Q4 2017 was about 1.5 billion, and the platform sees around 60 billion messages sent per day (per a Q4 2017 earnings call) compared to 1.3 billion monthly users and 1 billion daily active users in July 2017. Although those numbers don’t top Facebook’s 2018 third quarter of 2.27 billion monthly active users, WhatsApp has proven itself to be a global 
 and one of Facebook’s most strategic purchases.
With direct access to all WhatsApp users, who may or may not have access to payment systems such as Paypal or Zelle, Facebook could easily become the number one peer-to-peer payment system “by accident” as it did with news consumption (
).
Generally speaking, the volatility of cryptocurrencies has prevented large-scale adoption to date for day-to-day transactions. Logically, the next best thing would be a 
. Stablecoins are cryptocurrencies that are pegged to a stable, widely-known fiat currency.
Stablecoins had a 
, unlike the rest of the crypto industry. They are designed to 
 between crypto and traditional currencies by addressing volatility. Just this week, we heard that Mizuho Financial Group (MHFG), the second largest financial services group in Japan and one of the largest financial institutions in the world, is 
 in 2019 in a bid to promote cashless payments at Japanese retailers. In addition, the overall volume of the tokens issued collectively on Tether, TrueUSD, and USDC — some of the largest, most recognized stablecoins — grew by 43 percent from $1.385 billion to almost $2 billion, according to research from 
.
By enabling billions of people to send and receive payments safely and easily, a WhatsApp-based stablecoin sounds like an idea with legs.
We do need to hold onto a healthy dose of skepticism when listening to claims that Facebook’s moves into blockchain could help bolster the sector. Still, it’s certainly possible. WhatsApp is indeed well-positioned to be a winner in the trustless economy, and thus it’s parent company, Facebook, is too.
The irony is palpable.
I stopped wearing my Apple Watch a few months back. The notifications had become overwhelming, and I just needed a break from the constant pull for my attention.
But I did worry about how would it look to my clients — 
 — when I admitted that even I had started to reject marketers’ attempts to grab my attention.
The other day, as I was explaining this to a client, he pulled up his cuff to reveal a bare wrist, explaining, “I stopped wearing mine, too.”
Clearly we’ve reached a saturation point with tech overload. Many of us have found ourselves falling into 
, craving the 
 or the 
. We’re not exploring and learning anymore — we’re zombie scrolling, buying things we don’t want, and spending 
staring at pictures we don’t care about.
I don’t just worry about this from a personal perspective — this has big implications for my entire industry as well. In a world where former 
 and people are going to 
, where does this leave businesses that have evolved to sell, or help sell, things online?
Don’t get me wrong: I don’t think it’s fair to fault companies for getting strategic about how to get our attention on the web, but at the same time, isn’t there some degree of moral culpability? Right now it’s an open question: With great marketing power, is there also social responsibility?
Of course, what draws us to our screens — whether to scroll aimlessly or to shop thoughtfully — is fine-tuned science meant to exploit our brains.
Ads are now seamlessly integrated into social media, with hyper-targeting that follows us from site to site. Daily deal sites like Groupon and referral programs rely on 
 to get you to buy; shopping clubs with an exclusive allure use false scarcity and the “gamification” of commerce to get us 
 Meanwhile, social media influencers 
 while surreptitiously pushing products.
With everything we come across online 
, to share with our friends, to “win” via our engagement.
A lot of these tactics have been part of marketing forever (think sample sales and subscription schemes like Columbia House CDs — remember those?), but add on the way we’re constantly engaged with our devices and 
, and do we really stand a chance?
At one point, it was considered the pinnacle of success for marketers to hook consumers on a subconscious or psychological level (case in point: the best-seller 
). But as more people 
, as well as the cost of being constantly plugged in, marketers may soon be forced to up their moral game.
Detox camps and kid-proofing computers will only get us so far in combating addictive tech.
The onus for action, on some level, needs to shift from consumers to brands themselves. The good news is that taking responsibility and embracing ethical marketing tactics brings with it its own set of advantages.
As people get more savvy about corporate behavior online, brands that rely on exploitative technology engineered to provoke a Pavlovian response are likely to face backlash (ahem … Facebook). The smarter approach is to build values-based relationships with customers that actually grow over time. Building that genuine connection with consumers takes a careful approach to applying, or even avoiding, certain technologies. For those looking to follow suit, here are some tactical takeaways:
 Stalker ads that follow you from site to site do a great job of getting products in front of eyeballs, but they’re also widely regarded as 
. In 2019, retargeted ads are the equivalent of getting telemarketing calls in the middle of dinner. They’re an outdated, annoying and invasive form of advertising. Though these may convert in the here and now, in the long run these ads likely do as much to turn off consumers as to turn them on.
 Once upon a time, email inboxes were sacred spaces designated for meaningful, personal, communication. Retailers should use email sparingly — think once or twice a month, rather than once or twice a week — and restrict themselves to sending relevant information geared to the individual. My favorite example of this right now is 
. Their emails are more about environmental or political issues I’m interested in, which do a much better job of bringing me to their website than any deal or flash sale ever could. And that brings me to my final point:
 Too many brands rely on clicks and cookies to get to a conversion at all costs — and then completely forget about the person on the other end. Building an ethical following requires meaningful follow-up that inspires consumers to consciously opt-in to an ongoing relationship. Sephora is tops in this regard, with an omnichannel approach that rewards customers with desirable real-world perks, like free consultations with beauty experts, in addition to personalized product recommendations and discounts.
Of course, brands may soon be compelled to act more ethically in response to increased regulation as well, such as Europe’s new 
 act, or 
. And consumers also need to do their part to become more savvy online.
The growing awareness of addictive tech might seem all negative at first, but I see it as an important step towards making e-commerce, social media, and digital content what it should be: relevant, personalized and helpful. We should all be thinking critically about these tools and platforms; just as we should be demanding more than just 
 from companies that are asking for our money and our attention.
It should come as no surprise that companies across practically every industry are scrambling to take advantage of (and most importantly keep up with) social media marketing. Platforms like 
 and Instagram have become some of the most lucrative and high-yield markets for companies ranging from small startups to Fortune 500 conglomerates, and these businesses are rewarding social media managers and marketing strategists with impressive salaries in return for their skills.
The 
 will get you up to speed with the latest and most powerful trends in social media marketing so you can join the ranks of media managers who are changing the landscape of advertising, and the entire course bundle is currently available for just $19.99.
Through twelve comprehensive courses taught by industry experts, this bundle walks you through the most important and time-tested strategies that are driving unprecedented amounts of revenue online.
Regardless of your previous experience with either social media or online marketing, you’ll learn how to increase social media reach, attract more clients and sell more products, study and learn from some of the most successful and profitable social media campaigns of all time, and more.
This content will also teach you how to utilize market psychology in order to optimize campaigns across platforms like Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, Pinterest, Reddit, Tumblr, and LinkedIn — and you’ll even receive feedback on your progress from highly certified instructors whenever you need it.
When you’ve completed your training, you’ll receive a certification from the Silicon Valley Digital Marketing Institute, which will add a significant amount of weight to your resume and place you ahead of the competition when it comes time to land a job in the field.
Get the skills and certifications you need to become an in-demand and high-paid social media marketing specialist with the Silicon Valley Social Media Marketing Certification Course. Usually priced at $3,995, this instruction is currently available for 
 — over 98 percent off.
After almost two years of development, FlyInside Flight Simulator has launched 
. FlyInside is a made-for-VR flight sim which supports Oculus Rift, HTC Vive, and Windows MR heasdsets.
Virtual reality is well suited for cockpit sims, providing a sense of depth and scale monitors simply can’t match. Even from a practical perspective, looking around a cockpit naturally with your head is far easier than using a 
 or D-pad. TrackIR is a useful middle ground, but is awkward for large movements since it isn’t 1:1 and the monitor is still stationary.
FlyInside originally began in 2015 as 
(FSX). The project raised more than double its $13,500 goal, unlocking Leap Motion support as a stretch goal, as well as support for Prepar3D, a newer flight simulator based on the FSX codebase.
Above: Learning to fly, but I ain’t got wings.
Through either mods or official updates, all major PC flight simulators today have some form of VR support. However, the fact that VR was an afterthought in these sims is often all too obvious. Performance is sub par, the menus are difficult to operate, and a lot of functionality is almost impossible while essentially blindfolded, requiring complex keyboard mappings. FlyInside standalone is tackling these issues by building from the ground up for VR.
Performance has been a key focus for the team’s custom engine. In VR low framerate feels sickening, so must be a priority. In our brief testing we found performance to be adequate on a GTX 970 with only a few hitches- noticeably better than the mod for Flight Simulator X.
The sim lets you decide which input device you want to use. You can use your VR controllers as virtual hands, Leap Motion to use your fingers directly, or the traditional option of a HOTAS (joystick).
Using Touch controllers in the mod for FSX felt tacked on and glitchy, but in the standalone it now feels native. Flicking switches, adjusting levers and even controlling the stick can all be done with your hands.
Above: Ready to fly!
While all flight sims come with default aircraft, most enthusiasts use 3rd party solutions from studios who develop highly detailed models for multiple sims. For FlyInside, the studio has included 10 aircraft from studios MilViz and TFDi Design:
Above: Yeah, I’m not brave enough to fly at night.
According to the early access listing on Steam, FlyInside plans to add:
The team intends to be in early access for 6 to 12 months. The sim will be at a higher price when it launches, with the price increasing when new features are added.
We’re certainly impressed with the initial early access build. VR flight simulation was once thought to be a simple addon for existing sims, but it’s now clear that a deeper appreciation of the challenge is needed. VR represents a unique interaction paradigm in which the user is essentially blindfolded. Rather than relying on old keyboard shortcut workflows, flight sims need to take radical new design decisions to streamline flying. The FlyInside team are one of the first to appreciate this and start the hard work.
The gaming world met a lot of new faces in 2018. 
 gave us the likable (if morally questionable) cowboy Arthur Morgan, and 
 introduced the badass female Spartan warrior Kassandra. But our favorite new character of year game from a much smaller game.
Madeline is the hero of 
, an indie side-scroller that came out on January 25 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Switch, and PC. Celeste is one of the best games of the year thanks to its tricky platforming, but Madeline also plays a big part in making Celeste so memorable.
Madeline wants to climb a mountain, the titular Celeste Mountain, as a way to overcome her self-doubt and anxiety. These manifest into an evil version of Madeline that harasses her through most of the game. At first Madeline tries to reject this other side of her, but is only able to succeed once she accepts it.
But her anxiety also hinders her is less fantastical ways. One memorable sequence has Madeline so crippled with panic that she can not move. It is only after she, and the player, focuses on keeping a feather afloat that she can feel better.
Maybe it’s because I’ve had my own issues with anxiety (and I’m sure many of you can relate to that), but Madeline is a character that’s easy to sympathize with.
And on a less serious note, she’s just so adorable! That fluffy coat and those big cheeks … how can you not just want to give this character the biggest hug ever?
Who knows if we’ll see Madeline again. But even if we never get a Celeste 2, she’s a character that’ll be hard to forget.
Facebook’s 
 will be remembered as the tipping point that 
 to take control of our personal data assets. None of us can predict exactly what trajectory this will take over the next few years, but it is already unleashing new forces that will transform markets for our personal digital property.
Last year, Supreme Court Justice Gorsuch argued, in reference to 
, that 
 and so is protected under the Fourth Amendment. If his stance — that cell phone data is personal property — catches on, we could soon see a market driven fix for many of the data breach issues we’re seeing today.
Specifically, as owners of our phone data, we could restrict how its used and who can access it. And anyone who does use our data should expect to pay us for the privilege. But how are we supposed to negotiate with the giant companies that currently control our digital property?
Consider this: A hundred years ago, small individual investors had a very hard time making investments in securities. Then, in 1924, the 
 to amass the power of many small investors. Today the mutual fund industry, led by firms like Fidelity Investments and Vanguard, constitutes the most powerful investment arm in the world, managing over $49 trillion in assets globally.
It’s time to create something similar for digital property called a “digital property fund.” If you’re having trouble wrapping your mind around how this might work, don’t worry. Let’s take a quick trip into the future and see for ourselves. Three years should do it.
It’s Monday, January 10,
2022, and you’ve just read an article on these new digital property funds in VentureBeat. The author projected that over 1 billion people globally will have digital property fund accounts by 2025 due to growth in India and some wildly popular integrations with personal digital assistants. You decide it is time to sign up. First, remember, you’re hiring a firm to manage YOUR personal data. So, the first step is to make a contribution of your personal digital property to a fund of your choice.
How do you do this? In current mutual fund lingo, it’s called an “in kind contribution.” In other words, your contribution isn’t money but an assignment of your digital property. You download the app and click on an initial data profile that communicates your preferences to the digital property managers at the fund. You decide to go back later and spend more time configuring preferences, but this will get you started. Wow! It only took nine minutes!
The thing to remember about this fund contribution is that you are free to move the management of your digital property to another fund at any time. Specifically, you’re hiring the mutual fund to act as your agent. Now, instead of simply clicking “I Accept” to terms of use agreements written by the Facebooks and the Googles, professional asset managers at your fund negotiate terms that produce maximum returns for you and hundreds of millions of other small digital property owners. This year the funds will move to a blockchain public ledger for secure broadcasting of your terms of service to all companies that might create or interact with your data.
The fund retains a small percentage of all earnings on your digital property as a management fee and passes the balance through to you. An annual report recaps these money flows in detail. This small percentage will exceed $16 billion in 2022 global fee income for the funds.
Individually we have very little power to manage our digital property. But we don’t have to go it alone. We can hire professional asset managers to represent us in these negotiations. The improvements in AI and machine learning coming over just the next few years means that the value of our digital property is set to increase dramatically. This vast new opportunity is just too big for the financial services industry to pass up, and our data is too valuable to continue to manage it by simply clicking on unread terms of service agreements.
The Yellow Vest movement that swept across France in the past six weeks has provoked intense debates over elitism, economic inequality, and the nature of protest in this country. But it has also put platforms such as Facebook and Twitter 
Without a doubt, the Yellow Vests (or “gilets jaunes”) were initially propelled by Facebook groups. But the question now is whether we are seeing a repeat of past abuses or manipulations of social media by outside groups.
France-based researchers who have been studying these questions have come to surprising conclusions. In spite of growing public perception that social media is often used in nefarious ways, these researchers believe that in this case such outsider influence has been minimal and served mainly as an excuse to delegitimize the protests.
The data was compiled by a team of associate professors at the University of Toulouse: Nikos Smyrnaios, Brigitte Sebbah, Lucie Loubère, Natacha Souillard, and Laurent Thiong-Kay. They have been studying the evolution of traditional media and social media as it affects coverage and conversation around the Yellow Vest movement.
The group published 
 and a 
. In an interview, Smyrnaios said while there may have been some influence at the margins, it would be a big mistake to attribute the rise of the Yellow Vests to social media manipulation and fake news.
“The idea that this movement only exists because Facebook changed its algorithms to put more Groups in people’s News Feeds isn’t supported,” he said.
There has been growing concern that the forces we saw in the 2016 presidential election in the U.S. and in the Brexit vote are again at work in France. The French government announced it was conducting an investigation into possible outside influences in this case. On Medium, French writer and researcher 
 looked at “How Facebook Is Fueling The French Populist Rage.” 
 that Facebook’s decision to tweak its algorithm to show more Groups helped fuel the fury: “Due to the way algorithm changes made earlier this year interacted with the fierce devotion in France to local and regional identity, the country is now facing some of the worst riots in many years — and in Paris, the worst in half a century.”
Without a doubt, some outside forces are trying to seize the conversation. French security researcher 
 (who tweets at 
) has been capturing hundreds of thousands of tweets over the past few weeks as he tracks the explosion of English-language messages with hashtags related to the protests. The tweets with the most reach and influence are coming from the Twitter accounts of a Polish nationalist, a Turkish breaking news account, and a pro-Trump follower who is part of the QAnon conspiracy theorists, Robert found.
Twitter seems particularly easy to game, thanks to bots:
During the last 18h, 
 had 534 interactions (post, retweet, reply, quote) on Twitter. It's 0,5 interactions per minute. Obviously, this account is a 
 
 
 
 
— Elliot Alderson (@fs0c131y) 
Much of the English-language commentary has been driven by Russia Today accounts, or that of people such as 
, a right-wing British commentator who once appeared on the U.K.’s version of 
. She is a big public supporter of right-wing politicians such as Marine Le Pen and Donald Trump.
That said, even Robert is dubious that there has been a coordinated effort to try to influence the Yellow Vests. He notes that it’s ultimately quite difficult to attribute the source of the numerous accounts that have popped up on Twitter. Plus, it’s not clear that members of the Yellow Vests themselves are using Twitter all that much.
Rather, these tweets seem primarily directed at people outside France in order to create an even greater appearance of chaos.
“I don’t see something well-organized,” Robert said. “I don’t see that Russia is trying to influence them. You have some Russian accounts for sure. But these accounts are [from] a lot of personalities from Europe, and they are doing this to serve their own propaganda.”
For the University of Toulouse studies, researchers used the 
. One of the group’s initial findings was that the French media had a mistaken view of what was driving the conversation around the Yellow Vests. While there was a lot of focus on a gas tax set to take effect in January, the researchers found that the concerns of the Yellow Vests were much more extensive and fundamental: shrinking purchasing power, lack of rural infrastructure, diminished public benefits, and a sense the government had forgotten them.
“The media struggles to cover precisely the phenomenon whose nature is not so heterogeneous,” one report notes.
The studies also make an important differentiation between the conversations on Facebook and those on Twitter. The latter is far more confrontational, an open platform where people of various ideologies attack each other, often using vicious rhetoric. In contrast, while the discussions on Facebook can be angry, the discussions are mostly aimed at venting feelings with like-minded members of groups and organizing protests.
On Facebook, there seems to be a pervasive desire for a citizens’ referendum, or some way to create an electoral structure that would allow people to express themselves at the ballot box on a more regular basis. The country currently elects a president and National Assembly every five years. There is no equivalent of the midterm elections that were just held in the U.S. to let voters express themselves before the end of a president’s term.
With Macron’s popularity at historic lows less than two years into his term, the Yellow Vests are frustrated by the idea that it may be three more years before they can render a verdict at the ballot box, the studies say.
As to the fundamental question of interference, the second study stresses: “in the corpus that we analyzed, we did not detect any significant traces of misinformation, like the many rumors and information that has been identified by the media. At most, we have spotted discussions about possible provocations by the police that would have provoked violent incidents to discredit the movement, a classic of this type of social sequence.”
Smyrnaios says he is skeptical of most related studies, such as the one reported on by the 
that was 
, a U.S.-based cybersecurity firm specializing in misinformation and founded in 2015 by former National Security Agency employees.
Under the headline “Russian accounts seek to stir up racial tensions in France,” the story says New Knowledge has tracked 2,000 accounts that have shown “behavior patterns that reveal Russian control.” Smyrnaios said such conclusions have tended to come from sources outside France, in this case by a company with a business interest in pushing the narrative of rampant manipulation on the internet.
Within France, he says, efforts to paint the Yellow Vests as simply anti-environment or the result of external manipulation seem motivated by a desire to brush off the protests.
“It was a political argument in order to disqualify this movement, to say it was an artificial movement,” he said. “But you wouldn’t have a social movement like this if people were really happy in the world in which they live.”
Moving to the U.S. can present a host of challenges in managing finances, from establishing a bank account, to renting an apartment,  to sending money internationally. Here’s our cheat sheet to make sure you have the best info and resources.
Sending money through a bank or traditional provider 
 (and slow) process. If you’re transferring money when you’re moving to the U.S. or still receiving a salary from overseas, currency conversion can take out a hefty chunk of your money.
The reason for this is that on top of the wire fee that’s generally charged by banks and services like PayPal or brokers, there’s often a hefty exchange rate mark-up. It’s usually pretty hard to know exactly how much this will cost you, but it can be as much as 3 to 5 percent depending on where you’re sending money. That’s a hefty chunk of your money to lose when you’re moving your money across borders.
 is a lower-cost alternative. It typically charges between 0.35 and 1.5 percent depending on the amount you’re sending and which currencies you’re converting.
Crucially, however, the company always uses the 
 — that means you don’t lose any money on currency conversion, like you do with traditional providers. The upshot is that more of your money makes it to the other side.
The rise in financial tech (fintech) companies in the past 10 years has seen an upsurge in the number of younger, tech-smart companies that are each developing alternatives to specific financial services.
Often, these companies are cheaper or easier to use, or help you stay on top of your finances without the hassle of going to your local branch. For example, companies such as 
 are helping improve the experience of tracking and managing your money. Then there are wealth management alternatives that are simplifying the process of investing and saving your money, such as 
 and 
.
If you’re already residing in the U.S., you can open a bank account either in branch or online. That said, if you’ve arrived recently, an online application may be harder.
Firstly, you may not fit into the categories that are laid out on the bank’s website. Secondly, because you’re new to the country, you’ll have a limited credit history (more on that later). This is a nice-to-have when opening an account, since it shows. However, once you’ve opened your account, you’ll be able to start working on this with your account manager.
Applying for a bank account in person can be a useful approach to start building a face-to-face relationship with your bank. Key to successfully setting up your account will be showing that you have an address in the U.S., and providing the relevant proof of residence.
One helpful trick for moving is 
It lets you hold over 40 currencies at a time and convert between them cheaply and effortlessly — at the mid-market exchange rate. It has also launched a card in the U.K., which lets you spend easily while you’re getting your new debit cards in the U.S. set up.
Tax in the U.S. can be a complicated matter, and your situation will likely be unique to your financial situation and the country you’re arriving from. For example, many countries have tax treaties with the U.S., and it’s well worth understanding if this will have an effect on how you complete your taxes.
Speaking with a qualified tax professional or financial advisor can help you sort out your tax obligations and understand what is expected of you in the process. It’s best to do this sooner, rather than later.
You can look up professionals in the Internal Revenue Service’s (IRS) directory.
When you arrive in the U.S., you will have no credit score. This makes things tricky since you need a credit score to get a loan or a lease for a rental apartment.
There’s generally no fast-and-easy way to achieve a great score. However, it helps to think about it as a series of steps that help you build up a good score over time.
Once you’ve opened a bank account, you’ll be able to get your debit card and start saving your money in a U.S. financial institution. After building a relation with your bank, they can consider offering you a credit card. It always helps if you’re able to show your finances are in healthy order.
In the meantime, if you’re looking for a rental unit, bear in mind that landlords will often accept a guarantor or a larger deposit. It’s also worth knowing that you can apply for store credit cards to start building a credit history, although it’s crucial that you manage your credit score wisely. Good practice is to avoid opening too many cards, and always paying the amount you owe on time. There are a host of factors involved in getting and keeping a good credit score, and it’s well worth consulting with a trusted financial advisor to make sure you’re approaching your finances in the right way.
 fans aren’t getting much fan out of Valve. But have no fear. 
 is picking up the mantle with 
, a co-op shooter coming in 2019 to the PC and consoles.
World War Z doesn’t feature Brad Pitt, but it does carry the license from the popular Paramount Pictures property, which featured swarms of terrifying and fast zombies. Saber Interactive CEO Matt Karch runs the 450-person studio, which has been making the game for the past three years. He takes inspiration from the 
 book, but he also wants to make sure that fans of the movie get their fill.
Like the upcoming 
, World War Z features hordes of more than 500 zombies that act as a kind of hive mind, building bridges with their bodies to scale walls and span gaps. Your job as the player will be to team up with other co-op players and mow down as many zombies as possible. Karch’s team created the Swarm Engine to render zombies on the move in huge numbers.
So far, the demos look superb, and the only question is whether fans have had too much of the swarm of zombie games. I talked to Karch about the game and expectations for its launch in 2019.
Here’s an edited transcript of our interview.
Above: Matt Karch is CEO of Saber Interactive.
 I think that the “surprisingly good” comment might also come from the fact that it’s based on a license. There’s always skepticism that a developer is going to cash in on a license and do a subpar game as a result. We certainly haven’t approached it that way. We looked at this game as an opportunity.
We’re not releasing with a film. We’re releasing independently. The model we looked at, if you remember the Chronicles of Riddick game back in the day, that was quite good and it was totally unrelated to the film. It didn’t release with the film. It needed to stand on its own. We’ve taken that approach from the start.
We’re an independent developer, right? We’re fairly large for an independent, with about 450 developers in our two primary core studios, but we still don’t have the budgets of an EA or an Activision to go out there and market a new title, a new brand, and bring awareness of something that doesn’t already have recognizable staying power. From our perspective, grabbing a license, especially one that fits the game we wanted to create, was the perfect way to get that awareness without having to spend tens of millions of dollars to make our potential audience aware of the franchise.
The flip side, though, is there is the skepticism about licenses. And I agree that there’s probably also a skepticism about zombie games. But this is a different type of zombie game. In the novel they don’t even call them zombies. They call them Zs. They’re obviously zombies, but they move differently and act differently than in almost every other game. It’s its own thing.
We’re huge fans of Left 4 Dead, and I think that comes across in some of our videos. We wanted to create an experience which mirrored that experience, or maybe the best way to put it — that was inspired by that. We didn’t see any more Left 4 Deads in the pipeline. We thought this was an opportunity to create an experience we loved that would kind of be an evolution of that. That’s a long-winded intro, but I hope I answered your question.
 It’s actually been three years of development. We wrapped up on one of the Halo projects we were working on. We had a team available and we were looking for the next thing to do. This was prior to us starting to work on Quake Champions. We had an opportunity — there’s a guy who at the time was handling licensing for games at Paramount. We reached out to him and said we were interested.
I was a huge fan of the book. There was a lot of skepticism about the movie, which I think was unfounded. Admittedly it’s not like the book, but it’s a great experience in its own right. I think it stands on its own. But the movie had, at the time, been getting some bad pre-release buzz, I guess you could say. But we thought that in our case, we wanted to explore it. They took us in and let us see the movie early. I’m not Siskel or Ebert but I liked it. I felt like it was going to do well, and so we made a decision to grab the license, because we wanted to make an experience that matched with what the movie had on offer.
We had a small team on it initially. Over the last three years the team size has grown significantly. We’ve had well over 100 people working on the game for a long while now. Every time we showed it to somebody, people got more excited, and that encouraged us to put more into it. We announced we’re launching the game with three episodes of three levels each, but we’ve decided to add a fourth episode we were going to release as DLC and include that as part of the package. We want to create as big a bang out of the box as possible, because we think this game is really good.
The game is a combination of the book and the movie. They have the fast-moving zombies in the movie, while in the book they have the little vignettes of story about all the different individual characters. We’ve tried to adapt both of those. The game doesn’t feature Brad Pitt. It’s not that type of experience. It’s a fast-paced crazy co-op multiplayer, hopefully scary as hell third-person shooter.
 Absolutely. My personal opinion of The Walking Dead — this is not a reflection on the developers. I’ve known them for many years and like them a lot. But a lot of games have released with The Walking Dead license. I think there was a bit of market confusion about that license. Once again, it’s a different type of experience. It’s a slow, brooding type of zombie experience. We’re looking to create something that’s fast and furious.
World War Z, you have fans of the book and fans of the movie. Sometimes there’s not a lot of crossover. We’re trying to be that crossover. We’re trying to appeal to both. I hope we succeed, but you’re absolutely right. It’s very unpredictable these days. Although I will say, in the case of a Walking Dead, when they showed it at E3 it was clear that people were down on it. You kind of get an indicator before a game releases as to how it might perform. In our case we feel a positive buzz.
We’ve worked on a lot of things. We worked on multiple Halo titles. We did Quake. We did NBA. We worked on our game TimeShift way back in the day. I’ve never seen more buzz for anything we’ve done, more hype or excitement, than we’re seeing for this product. It’s an encouraging sign. Whether it’s going to take off or not, I don’t know, but I’m definitely liking the signs.
 Days Gone, it’s a single-player experience. At some point I went to Sony and said, “I’ve seen what you’re doing with Days Gone. Look what we’re doing with World War Z. Maybe we can help you with a multiplayer component.” But they were obviously too focused, and understandably, on what they needed to do to get that game out.
We were already under development when we heard about it. Of course we took a deep sigh, when you know Sony is going to be putting major marketing dollars behind a title that’s highlighting the swarms the way they were. It took a little wind out of our sails. But since then they’ve focused less on those swarm elements and more, I think, on the story aspect of their game. I don’t know if we’re in the clear, is the way to put it, but there’s a market for both games, what we’re both doing.
Man, 2018 was another great year for video games. And while a lot of the blockbuster games I was looking forward to delivered, I fell in love with a bunch of unexpected indies this year.
I even have a game in my top 10 that made me a believer in VR! That’s something I never thought would have happened earlier in the year. Still, if you know me well, my top pick for 2018 isn’t going to surprise you.
Above: Get em!
Capcom


 Capcom


 PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PC
So many online-focused games launch in a rough shape and then become better after months of updates. 
 was fun and felt complete from the very beginning.
I never was into this series much before, but World turned me into a fan. Fighting its giant monsters feels satisfying, the hub town is gorgeous, and the game manages to be enjoyable both with friends or on your own.
Above: The 8-bit spinoff of a game that hasn’t come out yet.
Inti Creates


 Inti Creates


 PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Switch, 3DS, Vita, PC
We got a lot of awesome retro side-scrollers in 2018, but I’m worried 
 isn’t getting as much attention as the others. A lot of 2D games take inspiration from the more open Castlevania games (aka Metroidvanias), but Bloodstained is a celebration of the franchises’ earlier, more linear titles on the NES and 16-bit systems.
Specifically, Curse of the Moon is a spiritual successor to Castlevania III: Dracula’s Curse, arguably the best game in the Castlevania franchise. But it’s more than just a tribute. Bloodstained has some of the best pixel art I’ve seen in any game, and its bosses are gigantic and clever. If you like Castlevania, you need to play this one.
Above: Now in blazing 16-bit!
Sabotage Studio


 Devolver Digital


 Switch, PC
Hey, look! Another retro side-scroller! 
 takes inspiration from a bunch of different classic franchises, including Ninja Gaiden, Mega Man, and Castlevania. But it manages to combine those elements with enough of its own ideas to create something that feels new.
The game is also surprisingly funny, and a fun twist halfway through the game has you shifting between 8-bit and 16-bit worlds. The platforming also feels great, thanks largely to a creative jumping mechanic that gives you extra leaps every time you hit an enemy or projectile while in the air.
Above: Astro Bot demonstrates how precision 3D platforming can become considerably easier in VR.
SIE Japan Studio


 Sony Interactive Entertainment


 PlayStation 4
I hadn’t bought into the latest round of VR, mostly because I didn’t find any of the software compelling enough. 
 is so good it makes me a believer in VR.
This PSVR exclusive is a fantastic 3D platformer that has the same level of charm you’d expect in a Mario game, but it also uses VR to do things you couldn’t do in a normal game like this, like having to peek your head around a corner to keep track of your character or watch as rescued robots fly into your controller. Astro Bot has me smiling the entire time I play it.
Above: Time to start over.
Motion Twin


 Motion Twin


 PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Switch, PC
Oh, boy, its retro platformer No. 3! 
 is hard to put down. You try to get through the game in a single go. Death means you have to start back from the beginning. But you can earn some character upgrades that persist through death.
But more important, you can feel yourself get better at the game each time. And its combat and platforming are so responsive and satisfying, you never really mind having to play though the same randomly-generated levels multiple times.
Above: Run, Mega Man!
Capcom


 Capcom


 PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Switch, PC
I like Mega Man. Anyone who knows me knows this. Even my mom knows I love Mega Man, and she isn’t really sure what a Mega Man is. So I was looking forward to 
 all year.
Much to my delight, it turned out to be great. Not only is is it pretty (it uses 3D character models, but they capture the feel of the 2D originals), but the levels are some of the most creative in the franchise’s history. I love how the typical ice level turned into an adventure inside frozen natural history museum and how levels would revolve around specific gimmicks (like running from a wall of fire or bouncing off of balloons). We’ve had a lot of great Mega Man games through the years, and Mega Man 11 doesn’t fall short of its predecessors.
Above: The game’s hero looks up at the character he must protect.
SIE Santa Monica Studio


 Sony Interactive Entertainment


 PlayStation 4
I thought I had outgrown 
. The series’ focus on gore, violence, and an almost comical level of rage didn’t do much for me in its later installments. So I was delighted to see this new entry take a more thoughtful approach. Kratos’ anger is no longer something that we cheer and laugh at, but a flaw he has to work through.
Of course, God of War revolves around combat, and the fighting is always great here. Kratos’s magic flying axe helps make the action feel different from past games while still focusing on satisfying combos. The scale and beauty of the game’s Norse-inspired world also helps make God of War feel special.
Above: You gotta climb that mountain.
Matt Makes Games


 Matt Makes Games


 PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Switch, PC
OK, I swear this is the last retro side-scroller on the list. But, wow, 
 is special. The platforming — which has you jumping off of walls, dashing through the air, and navigating evolving and challenging levels — is about as good as it gets in gaming.
Celeste is also just so darn cute. I feel like a grandma while playing it. I just want to reach through the screen and pinch everyone’s cheeks while telling them they’re adorable.
Above: Spider-Man kicks butt.
Insomniac


 Sony Interactive Entertainment


 PlayStation 4
Insomniac’s take on 
 gives us the webslinger’s best gaming adventure yet. This excels at everything that should be important for a Spider-Man game. The swinging is thrilling, New York is a gigantic playground for your acrobatics, and the fighting showcases gadgets and agility.
This game manages to modernize Spider-Man without sacrificing the core of the character. Peter Parker is still an all-around good guy who’s always in just a bit over his head. It captures the Spider-Man’s heart.
Above: Fountain of Dreams is my favorite level.
Bandai Namco, Sora Ltd.


 Nintendo


 Switch
I love Super Smash Bros., and 
 may be the best installment in the fighting game series yet. The roster is huge, the new characters (like Metroid’s Ridley and Donkey Kong Country’s King K. Rool) feel great, and the single-player offerings are more substantial than they’ve ever been.
My only real gripe revolves around the game lacking online services. But, honestly, I spend much more time playing these games with friends on the couch. Yeah, I wish the online stuff was better, but it’s not enough to knock this game off my top spot. More than any other game on this list, I know I’ll be playing Ultimate well into 2019 (and likely beyond).
If there was ever a year for Snap to take a bite out of Instagram’s market share, it was 2018. With Instagram’s parent company Facebook besieged with one privacy scandal after another, Snap had ample reasons to convince wary Facebook users to ditch one of the company’s apps entirely for Snapchat.
Yet Snapchat is on track to end the year with fewer daily active users than it had last year — it ended Q3 2018 with 186 million DAUs, compared to 187 million in Q4 2017. Its parent company Snap’s stock price has fallen from $16.21 per share last December to $5.18 per share Wednesday morning. To cap it all off, Snap is still losing money at an alarming rate, and 
, may run out of money before it becomes profitable next year.
That leaves CEO Evan Spiegel with quite a long to-do list for 2019, to say the least. He’s said in earnings calls that he still thinks Snap can turn a profit in 2019 — but it will be a serious stretch goal. Here’s what will need to be at the the top of Snap’s to-do list in order to make that happen.
In order to counteract near-stagnant user growth in its two biggest markets, North America and Europe, Snapchat needs to add users in other parts of the world. For the past few years, it’s failed to do so at a big enough clip — in Q3 of this year, 25.3 percent of Snapchat users came from outside of North America and Europe, compared to about 21.3 percent three years ago.
The problem is that most smartphone users in places like Southeast Asia rely on Android, not iOS. And Snapchat’s Android app has been notorious for being buggy and glitchy. Snap has been repeatedly telling investors this year that it’s developing a new version of its Android app, and that the company is making good progress — but that new version has yet to be rolled out.
Getting that Android app out sooner rather than later will be important in proving to investors that it’s ready to make serious headway in developing markets. In an 
 leaked to the website Cheddar, Spiegel highlighted India, Indonesia, Mexico, Brazil, and the Philippines as international markets that Snapchat is particularly interested in because of their large young adult population.
Attracting a higher number of older users is another priority Spiegel outlined in the memo obtained by Cheddar. He chalked up the company’s failure to gain greater market share among older users as a “marketing and communications challenge” during the company’s last earnings call. To 
, the company is pitching Snapchat as first and foremost a “fast way to communicate visually and with close friends.”
Debra Aho Williamson, a principal analyst with eMarketer focusing on social media, told VentureBeat that the biggest issues Snapchat faces in attracting older users is that some of its core unique features — ephemeral videos, filters, and lenses — are not intuitive to older users who are used to Facebook. Just look at how much difficulty Facebook has had in getting its users to adapt to Stories compared to Instagram, where the audience skews younger.
“One feature that I do think could help gain traction [among older audiences] is on the content — on the Discover side,” Williamson said. “If they start to partner with more publishers that are aimed at a slightly older audience — that could help a bit. But it’s hard to say how much it will help because all the social platforms are offering video content in one way or another.”
The 13 to 34 year olds are still Snapchat’s most dedicated users. But they were also the most vocal critics of the app’s redesign earlier this year — the most high profile being Kylie Jenner, whose tweet complaining about the redesign caused Snap’s stock value to drop $1.3 billion in February.
While Snap attributed a 2 percent loss in Q2 DAUs to disruption caused by the redesign, the company said that it felt it had addressed the biggest frustrations with the redesign 6 months after the rollout.
And there are signs that Snapchat has weathered the worst of the storm. Brian Wieser, an analyst with Pivotal Research, told VentureBeat that Pivotal’s analysis of Nielsen’s digital content ratings showed that consumption of content on Snapchat increased 36 percent during the month of October, after having decreased every month since March.
“Prior to this month’s data, [Snapchat] was being used by more people but less frequently,” Wieser said. “The October data suggests more people and more frequently.”
Still, it’s not hard to find a 
 
 or tweet every month proclaiming Snapchat to still be a ghost town. The app can’t afford another another disruptive rollout like what happened with the redesign. The company also needs to double down on building 
 — Snapchat needs these influencers to keep their audience of typically younger users on the platform, instead of decamping for Instagram. Snapchat made a focus of that this year by giving creators access to more analytics, as well as a tool to 
.
This year, Snapchat continued its transition to a programmatic ad buying model — a necessary move, given that that’s the model the rest of the industry is using. It’s now easier for advertisers to buy ads on Snapchat, but it’s also made them cheaper to buy. As a result, advertisers are buying more on Snapchat, but because ads are cheaper, its ad revenue growth rate is slowing. eMarketer predicts that Snapchat will generate 
 in U.S. ad revenue this year. That’s an 18.7 percent increase from last year, compared to a 85.6 percent increase the year prior.
Increasing ad revenue will really depend on how well the company succeeds at its other goals. Getting more users outside the U.S. will help the company attract more international advertisers, and adding older users might convince advertisers to turn to Snapchat to reach demographics they’ve never typically advertised on Snapchat to reach.
Williamson said that Snapchat has also benefited from advertisers growing more comfortable designing for its unique features — shooting only vertical video, shooting in six-second segments, and designing lenses and filters. “It’s still somewhat of a concern, but maybe not as much as it was a few years ago,” Williamson said.
That’s because Snap finally launched a desktop app this year, 
, that gave agencies and artists the ability to create their own sponsored AR Lens. It’s also because with Instagram and Facebook having copied Snapchat’s Stories feature, there are now more platforms for which brands have to design the types of ads that were previously only found on Snapchat.
Snapchat has also launched a 
 this year aimed at connecting businesses who haven’t created sponsored Lenses before with certified AR creators. Expect more efforts like these from Snap in the coming year to give advertisers more access to the creatives who are most familiar with creating sponsored content on Snapchat.
Snap’s retention woes can pretty much be summed up by one story in 2018. 
, Spiegel promoted Snap’s VP of global business solutions Kristen O’Hara to its chief business officer. Then, two days later, he changed his mind, bringing in Jeremi Gorman from Amazon to fill the role. O’Hara ended up leaving the company.
In 2018, Snap also lost its chief strategy officer, VP of marketing, VP of content, VP of product, and chief financial officer. In an 
 obtained by Cheddar, 40 percent of the nearly 3,000 respondents said that they didn’t plan to stay at the company for very long. Snap’s culture of secrecy — employees are often kept in the dark about what other teams are working on — and Spiegel’s decision to push forward with the redesign, have reportedly rubbed employees the wrong way.
, Spiegel has started calling more all-staff meetings, and visiting with more employees during the workday, in an attempt to improve communication. But morale-boosting exercises can only convince so many employees to stay if the company’s stock price continues to drop so dramatically.
Smart speakers, tablets, and set-top boxes with Amazon’s Alexa built in flew off the shelves this holiday season, 
.
The Seattle retailer didn’t break out exact stats, but revealed that shipments of Alexa-enabled devices like the Echo Dot, Fire TV Stick 4K, Alexa Voice Remote, and Echo were up “millions” of units year over year. Moreover, it said that Amazon shoppers purchased more Amazon’s Kids Edition devices — like the Echo Dots Kids Edition and Fire Kids Edition tablets — than ever before.
Also in the millions? Sales of Amazon Fire TV, Fire Tablet, and Kindle products. Shipments of Ring- and Blink-branded first-party smart home security products didn’t quite hit those record heights, but they, along with the smart home device category broadly, were up from last year, Amazon said.
So how’d the proud new owners of Alexa-imbued tablets, set-top boxes, TVs, and tablets use their devices? To queue up music and switch on connected light bulbs, mostly. Alexa played “hundreds of millions” more jams this holiday than last across services including Amazon Music, Spotify, Tidal, and Apple Music, among others, Amazon says. (The most popular holiday tune was Mariah Carey’s enduring pop single, “All I Want for Christmas Is You” — the same as last year.) And Alexa fielded “tens of millions” of requests to turn on holiday lights, with the number one command being “Alexa, turn on the Christmas tree.”
That’s not the only thing customers tapped Alexa to do. The assistant delivered eight times as many reminders compared to last Christmas and set more than one hundred million timers, and it sounded a collective “millions” of doorbell and motion alerts. Alexa’s step-by-step recipes feature was a hit, unsurprisingly — the voice assistant requested three times as many culinary recipes this holiday versus last — as was Amazon’s Storytime on Alexa, which delivered over a million holiday stories.
Folks did plenty of shipping through Alexa, too, with purchases more than tripling this year compared to last.
“This season was our best yet, and we look forward to continuing to bring our customers what they want, in ways most convenient for them in 2019,” Jeff Wilke, Amazon’s Worldwide Consumer CEO, said.
Alexa’s record season reflects the general trend. The number of voice-enabled devices like speakers in use could come close to 100 million by the end of this year, up from 50 million at the end of 2017, some analysts predict. And early momentum more or less aligns with those findings.
 estimated in July 2018 that 18 percent of American adults — around 43 million people — owned a smart speaker. (
 and 
 put the number at 50 million and 47.3 million, respectively.) A November report published by research firm 
, meanwhile, contended that worldwide smart speaker shipments grew 137 percent year over year in the third quarter of 2018 to reach 19.7 million units, up from 8.3 million in Q3 2017.
The global smart speaker market could be worth as much as $30 billion by 2024, according to Global Market Insights.
When it comes to attracting the gaming public, big-name console manufacturers are looking to nostalgia as much as they are to online services and flashy peripherals. Just in the last few years, 
, 
, 
, 
, and others have thrown simple circuitry into a cute plastic shell to make players reminisce — and open their wallets.
As one of those individuals who yearns for the days of bits and beat-’em-ups, I have a nearly unhealthy fascination with the retro revival and all the products that have come with it. The thing is, only a few of these devices live up to their ancestors. Some of them, quite frankly, might give you the desire to let the past die. So, which ones are worth the money?
Before I go into this ranking, it’s important to mention that none of these classic consoles have an all-encompassing list of games. So, don’t go in expecting to play everything that you remember.
Above: The Sega Genesis Classics collection is worth your time.
If you really want to check out a specific game, your best bet would be to see if it has a PlayStation Network, Xbox Live, or Nintendo Virtual Console/eShop release. Also, a number of companies, including Sega and SNK, have released compilations that feature many old-school titles. The Sega Genesis Classics collection (available on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Nintendo Switch) is a great example.
One more thing, the only minis I’m going to go over are ones in my personal collection, so let’s get to it.
The Nintendo “Classics” might not have pioneered the mini-console craze, but they turned it into a full-blown phenomenon. When the Japanese gaming giant decided to come out with miniaturized tributes to their Nintendo and Super Nintendo Entertainment Systems, the world took notice. And it stood in line with cash at the ready. Now, nearly every gaming aficionado has a Classic, or they’re looking for one.
Both the NES and SNES Classics are incredibly similar. They feature a compact form factor, lovingly recreated controllers, intuitive interfaces, and terrific video output. Games look wonderful and play without much input lag (this will vary, depending on the television). You can also apply filters to get that tube-TV aesthetic — if you’re into that. Save states for every game are available as well.
Above: The SNES Classic takes you back to the early ’90s.
But what really makes these models shine is the game selection. And, for me, that’s why the SNES Classic is king. While it offers fewer titles than its NES big brother, the library here is incredible. Super Mario World, F-Zero, Contra III: The Alien Wars, Super Metroid, Final Fantasy III (VI), The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past, and Street Fighter II Turbo are just some of the highlights. As an added bonus, Nintendo went ahead and included Starfox 2, which never saw an official release until the SNES Classic hit store shelves.
These 16-bit experiences hold up better than many other older games. Just think about all the pixel-art indie titles out there. Where do you think they found their inspiration?
Really, the NES Classic deserves to be at the top just as much as its SNES counterpart. While the SNES edition offers deeper gameplay and more technically impressive titles, the NES Classic is packed with iconic releases that ushered in a new dawn for gaming. The original three Super Mario titles, the first two Legend of Zelda games, Castlevania, Kirby’s Adventure, Ninja Gaiden, Punch-Out, and Mega Man 2 are some of the favorites that made the cut here.
Above: The NES Classic is a mini marvel.
The NES Classic features the same top-notch build quality and features as the SNES version. The one big difference here is that it comes with one controller, not two. If you want to play with someone else, however, you’ll need to hunt down an extra gamepad — which can be just as difficult to find as the console itself. This does make the core package a little cheaper, and you can use an SNES Classic controller if you happen to have one lying around.
When I heard that SNK was making a mini-Neo Geo to celebrate the console-arcade hybrid’s 40th anniversary, I rushed to the first preorder page I could find. The final product itself might be the coolest device on this entire list, but it might just be the most infuriating.
The Neo Geo Mini has a comprehensive game list that should satisfy most fans of the original hardware. SNK initially released two minis: one for Japan, and an “International” version for other territories. Most of the games overlap between the two, but each mini has its own exclusive offerings. Personally, I found this frustrating because certain games that I wanted ended up only on the Japanese unit.
Regardless, among the Neo Geo Mini’s 40 games, you’ll get to play a slew of Metal Slug and King of Fighters titles, the remarkable Garou: Mark of the Wolves, Shock Troopers, Blazing Star, and the criminally overlooked Last Blade 2. The Neo Geo library (and, as a result, the Neo Geo Mini’s selection) has a heavy emphasis on fighting games. So if you’re not into that genre, you should probably move on to something else.
The Neo Geo Mini device is different than most tribute consoles because it has its own LCD screen and arcade-style controls. This makes it a rather striking addition to any player’s collection. While it’s fun to play these games on a tiny arcade cabinet, the novelty wears off quickly. And it’s worth noting that the stick has no gate or microswitches, so you’re basically playing with analog-style controls. This is less than ideal for the precise, arcade nature of Neo Geo games. The unit is perfectly playable, though, and the screen’s quality is surprisingly good. But I’d rather hook the console up to a TV, where I can have a more comfortable gameplay session.
And that’s where the Neo Geo Mini really falters. The video output is flat-out disappointing. I can only tolerate playing with the “image quality optimization” filter enabled, which gives the video an overly smoothed out appearance. I really don’t like the way it looks, but it’s even worse when I turn it off.
Also, I paid for one of the gamepads that SNK released in conjunction with the Neo Geo Mini, so I could get the most of my TV play. These look nearly identical to the Neo Geo CD pads that came out in the ’90s. But the new controllers don’t feature the satisfying microswitches from the CD system D-pads. To be blunt, the Neo Geo Mini controller is a letdown. The D-pad feels vague, and it’s an ever-present distraction when I’m playing. And for some reason, SNK changed the order of the buttons, so that adds an unnecessary layer to my aggravation.
Because it has its own screen, the Neo Geo Mini is actually a little more expensive than its classic colleagues. And you’ll have to spend more money if you want one of the gamepads. Overall, the Neo Geo Mini is a great idea with an equally great lineup of titles. SNK screwed up in the execution, however, and it failed to provide fans with the value they deserve.
Still, this little thing has plenty of style (just like its library), and if you’ve always wanted a Neo Geo, maybe it’s worth a shot.
This is the quirkiest console on the list, thanks to its random, yet unmistakably charismatic, selection of titles. Retro-Bit released this device as a follow-up to its Generations plug-and-play mini-console. The Retro-Cade has a somewhat spartan design and comes with two basic, yet solid, controllers (although, I wish the buttons and D-pad were less stiff).
Like I mentioned earlier, the library of titles here is all over the place. You’ll find arcade brawlers like Double Dragon from Technos and Capcom’s fantastic Armored Warriors. You can jump into vertical shooters like 1942 and Varth. Or horizontal shooters like the wacky arcade romp Boogie Wings and R-Type III for the SNES. If you want puzzle games, you can check out multiple Magical Drop games. Oh, and even the obscure, Castlevania-like Holy Diver for the NES is here.
Above: Yeah, Mega Man 3 is on the Retro-Cade.
I should also mention that Bionic Commando (arcade and NES), Strider (arcade and NES), Joe and Mac, BurgerTime (NES), and multiple entries in the Final Fight franchise are on this thing.
The Retro-Cade’s interface is straightforward yet serviceable. You can adjust the video settings to display a stretched or original aspect ratio, but the games themselves look a bit too soft, with muted colors. Apparently, an updated version of the console is now available that lets you disable the smoothness filter, resulting in a crisper image. The “version 1.1” Retro-Cade also comes with a revised game list that includes titles like Crude Buster. But I’ve only had the chance to experience the original device.
Also, when using the Retro-Cade, I had to put my TV into game mode to get less input lag. This is the norm for most modern televisions when using gaming devices, but with some of the other consoles (like the Nintendo Classics), it wasn’t as big of a necessity.
 — India will ban ecommerce companies such as 
 and Walmart-owned 
 from selling products from companies in which they have an equity interest.
In a statement, the government also said that the companies will be prevented from entering into exclusive agreements with sellers. The new rules will be applicable from February 1.
“An entity having equity participation by e-commerce marketplace entity or its group companies, or having control on its inventory by e-commerce marketplace entity or its group companies, will not be permitted to sell its products on the platform run by such marketplace entity,” the commerce ministry said in a statement.
Ecommerce companies can make bulk purchases through their wholesale units or other group companies that in turn sell the products to select sellers, such as their affiliates or other companies with which they have agreements.
Those sellers can then sell the products to other companies or direct to consumers, often at attractively low prices.
The new regulations follow complaints from Indian retailers and traders, who say the giant e-commerce companies are using their control over inventory from their affiliates, and through exclusive sales agreements, to create an unfair marketplace that allows them to sell some products at very low prices.
The All India Online Vendors Association (AIOVA) in October filed a petition with the anti-trust body Competition Commission of India (CCI) alleging that Amazon favors merchants that it partly owns, such as Cloudtail and Appario. The lobby group filed a similar petition against Flipkart in May, alleging violation of competition rules through preferential treatment for select sellers.
Wednesday’s notification also said that the cash back that customers get as an incentive while online shopping should not be based on whether the product was purchased from an affiliate of the platform or not.
The new rules said that services provided to vendors on an e-commerce platform and by that entity’s affiliates should be done so at arm’s length and in a fair and non-discriminatory manner.
New rules will appease small traders and farmers who fear that U.S. companies are making a back door entry into India’s retail market and could squeeze out small corner shops that dominate Indian retailing.
The Confederation of All India Traders in a statement said that if the order is implemented in full then malpractices, predatory pricing policies and deep discounting by e-commerce players will no longer occur.
CAIT secretary general Praveen Khandelwal said the new rules will put an embargo on the tactics adopted by the global players to control and dominate retail trade in India through e-commerce.
In May, CAIT had raised objections to Walmart’s $16 billion acquisition of Flipkart saying the deal would create unfair competition and result in predatory pricing.
The new regulations build on existing rules under which foreign investors can acquire 100 percent of e-commerce companies, with the exception of a model based on inventory from which they are barred.
Amazon India said it is currently evaluating the new rules, while Flipkart did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The best use for a Roomba this holiday season isn’t mopping up after a spirited Christmas Eve — if you’re a gamer, that is. This week, industry veteran Rich Whitehouse published a tool that can generate levels in id Software’s iconic first-person shooter, 
 from real-life interiors mapped by iRobot’s autonomous vacuum. He christened it “
” a punny portmanteau of 
and 
.
“I … realized that there was a clear opportunity to serve the Dark Lord by conceiving a plethora of unholy algorithms in service to one of the finest works ever created in his name,” Whitehouse wrote in a 
.
So how’s the thing work, exactly? Well, robotic sweepers like Roombas employ simultaneous location and mapping (SLAM for short) to get a real-time sense of their surroundings. By combining data from proximity and vision sensors using a technique known as sensor fusion, they’re able to navigate around laundry, pets, and people with relative ease.
Roombas’ SLAM data is exposed on the local Wi-Fi network to which they’re connected. So Whitehouse created a plugin for Neosis — his freely available tool for previewing, processing, visualizing, and converting model, image, and animation formats — that enables Roomba owners to turn their vacuums’ mapped movements into 
stages.
Doomba is highly customizable. Intrepid users can adjust variables pertaining to the number of players, enemies, ammo, decorations, and geometry generation, or swap out floor, ceiling, and wall texture lists. In fact, the Roomba is technically optional — Doomba is capable of converting any image file into a level.
Whitehouse warns, though, that it’s only been tested with data from a Roomba 980 — the Roomba he owns. And he says that the more advanced options could “cause things to break very badly” if they aren’t tweaked with care.
“I hope you get some fun out of this feature,” he added. “Some will say that it’s pointless, but I have faith in my heart that the Dark Lord will wipe these people from the face of the earth and trap them in a dimension of eternal hellfire. Their suffering will be legendary.”
Whitehouse isn’t the first to tap machine intelligence (AI) for 
level generation. In May, 
 at the Politecnico di Milano in Italy described an AI system that drew on knowledge from over 9,000 
and 
 levels to create stages that “captured [the] intrinsic structure of [handcrafted] 
 levels.”
Doomba is a bit less pragmatic, it’s safe to say. But there are definitely worse ways to spend the holiday season.
It’s nice to look back and smile at the best games of the year, but let’s be real — we all have more fun being snarky a-holes. With that in mind, the 
 podcast handed out The Bad Awards as part of its 
.
For this episode, we created a bunch of awards to hand out to the worst games, the biggest disappointments, and some noticeable embarrassments. Enjoy!
You can 
. Or click play on the gizmo below:
Here are the award categories this year:
Samsung’s Creative Lab (C-Lab) opened its doors in 2012, and over the past six years the internal incubator has birthed innovations like 
, 
, and 
 apps. (Samsung employees get a year off from their regular work to pursue a promising business idea.) Now, ahead of the 2018 Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas next month, C-Lab has taken the wraps off its current cohorts’ creations.
All eight innovations will feature prominently at CES 2019’s Eureka Park, a startup space for new products and services. Inkuk Hahn, vice president and head of Samsung’s Creativity and Innovation Center, said it’s the largest number of projects C-Lab has unveiled at a single show since 2016.
“We will present promising C-Lab projects leveraging AI technologies in the field of video content creation, perfume-making, and more,” he said. “These are deeply related to our daily lives, and we hope to catch the eyes of attendees.”
Here’s the full list:
In addition to C-Lab’s eight freshly revealed startups, Samsung says a handful of spinouts from the incubator will tout their wares at Eureka Park:
C-Lab spinoff companies receive seed money investments and business consulting from Samsung.
“Personal mobility” has emerged as one of the big trends in technology, with the likes of ride-hailing, dockless bikes, and electric scooters all featuring prominently in Silicon Valley and beyond these past few years.
One mobility startup that has been steadily building its business in dozens of markets around the world is 
, a Mountain View, California-based company that’s known for its electric skateboards. Today, Boosted announced it has raised $60 million in a series B round of funding led by Khosla Ventures and iNovia Capital, with participation from StartX and Bay Meadows.
Founded in 2012, Boosted develops a handful of 
, ranging from the $749 Boosted Mini S through to the $1,599 Boosted Stealth, the latter of which can run at up to 24mph for a range of 14 miles.
Above: Boosted Stealth electric skateboard
Boosted graduated from both the Y Combinator and Stanford StartX accelerator programs, and its skateboards are today sold in 34 markets. It’s also one of a growing number of “last-mile” mobility startups to gain traction.
Boosted cofounder and former CEO Sanjay Dastoor 
, and he went on to launch an e-scooter startup called 
, which 
 debt round earlier this month, in addition to a $25 million equity round back in July.  Cofounder and CTO John Ulmen continues to lead Boosted’s product engineering team.
Other notable players in the last-mile transportation space include Lime, which recently 
 funding, and Bird, which 
. Back in April, Uber 
 in a deal reported to be worth $200 million, and earlier this week it 
 is coming to Jump bikes, including swappable batteries and phone mounts.
Prior to now, Boosted had raised around $10 million, and with another $60 million in the bank, the company said it plans to expand into “new light electric vehicle form factors,” which we presume to mean scooters at the very least — though the company wouldn’t elaborate on its plans. It did say that it intends to differentiate by launching serious vehicles, rather than “toys.”
“The majority of lightweight vehicles on the street today are leisure-grade or toy-grade products, when riders need vehicle-grade products that provide exceptional acceleration and braking performance, safety, durability, and superior design,” noted Boosted CEO Jeff Russakow. “Boosted has been perfecting street-quality technologies for the electric skateboard market for years where the vehicles must be incredibly high performance and durable, and only regenerative braking is even an option. Once we install our unique powertrain technology into other light vehicle types, they become Boosted-quality vehicles overnight versus what is out there today.”
It’s worth noting here that Boosted rival Inboard recently 
 into scooters, so it perhaps should come as little surprise to learn that Boosted is planning similar moves.
As part of its investment into Boosted, iNovia Capital partner and 
 Patrick Pichette will be upgraded to a preferred seat on Boosted’s board of directors from an independent seat.
“With most city trips today coming in at less than three to five kilometers, the new technology in light electric vehicles offer an unparalleled advantage for speed, convenience, cost, environmental footprint, and fun,” Pichette added. “There’s a profound trend in the making with mobility right now — one that will touch billions of people — and we’re excited to be part of it.”
Mozilla today updated Firefox Focus for Android and iOS with a handful of new features. Android users have gained Enhanced Tracking Protection, which lets you decide which publishers you want to share your data with, and Google’s Safe Browsing service, which protects you from various sketchy sites. iOS users have meanwhile gained support for search suggestions.
Firefox Focus offers privacy benefits and performance gains by blocking many web trackers, including analytics, social, and advertising. You can download the latest version of the company’s privacy browser now from 
 and 
. The update follows 
 that arrived in October.
With the release of 
 in October, Mozilla introduced Enhanced Tracking Protection, a feature that blocks cookies and storage access from third-party trackers. Enhanced Tracking Protection blocks cross-site tracking without breaking sites and impacting revenue streams. It does this by preventing known trackers from setting third-party cookies — the primary method of tracking across sites — but still gives you the option to block all known trackers.
Firefox Focus was designed to offer a tracking-free browsing experience for both security and performance reasons. Now Firefox Focus on Android is getting Enhanced Tracking Protection to give users more choices.
You can choose to block no cookies at all (the previous default), all cookies, third-party cookies, or only third-party tracking cookies (the new default). The last option prevents cross-site tracking, meaning trackers can’t follow you across multiple websites, recording your online behavior and offering you the same products repeatedly. Blocking cookies can break some sites, so you can now add websites to the new Firefox Focus “allowlist,” which unblocks cookies and trackers for the current page visit.
Google’s Safe Browsing service provides lists of URLs that contain malware or phishing content to Chrome, Firefox, and Safari browsers, as well as to internet service providers (ISPs). Google said in September 2017 that 
.
Firefox Focus will now also benefit from Safe Browsing via in-browser security warnings. Firefox Focus will check URLs against Google’s constantly updated lists of unsafe web resources and provide an alert if you reach an unsafe site. You still get to choose whether to continue to the flagged site or not, but you’ll be making a more informed decision.
In October, Firefox Focus for Android gained search suggestions. The feature isn’t on by default, since Firefox Focus users may not want to share what they’re typing in the address bar with their search provider.
Firefox Focus for iOS is getting the same feature today. You can activate it by opening the app settings, clicking on Search, and selecting “Get search suggestions.”
, a startup that aims to help employees beat the “rigid paycheck” system and gain instant access to their earnings, has raised $125 million in a series C round of funding from existing investor Andreessen Horowitz, alongside its recently announced 
, as well as Spark Capital, Matrix Partners, DST Global, March Capital Partners, Coatue Management, and Ribbit Capital.
Founded in 2012 as Activehours, Earnin 
 last October to a name that “better captured our purpose,” company founder and CEO Ram Palaniappan said at the time. The name change came a month after Earnin had 
 series B round that was led by Andreessen Horowitz.
Earnin is one of a number of startups designed to help workers unlock their earnings without having to wait days or weeks for their next paycheck. 
 that more than three-quarters of U.S. workers live paycheck to paycheck, which means millions of people don’t have a safety net to cover unexpected expenses.
Traditional payday loan fees can be astronomical, as lenders prey on people facing emergency expenses or those struggling to cover basic living costs. This is why 
 to bring greater restrictions to the sector is in the works, but it’s also why there has been an uptick in technology companies looking to bridge the gap between people’s paychecks and the bills they owe.
A few months back, a budgeting app called Even 
 to show you how much money you can safely spend at any given time, and it also offers an “Instapay” service that allows staff to access earnings before their paycheck arrives. A company called PayActiv recently 
 for a similar proposition.
There is a concerted push, it seems, to put predatory payday lenders out of business.
Above: Earnin app
To access Earnin’s service, users must first connect their bank account and enter their employment information — the company has deals with a number of payroll providers to help manage payments. Workers can then decide how much of their paycheck they want at a given time — after they finish a shift each day, for example. When payday arrives, Earnin automatically takes back the pre-paid amount from the user’s bank account.
There are limits in place. Most users can withdraw up to $100 for each pay period, though this can rise to $500 once a worker has built sufficient trust over time.
Earnin also has to verify that workers completed the hours they were scheduled to work. Its verification systems require hourly contractors to submit photos of timesheets, while salaried staff can activate GPS location-tracking so Earnin can see where they were for a specific period of time.
This all leads us to one question, though. What’s in it for Earnin? It must take a percentage of something somewhere along the line, right? Well, not really. The company pitches itself as “100 percent community supported,” and it only makes money from tips that a user chooses to give. In truth, that doesn’t really sound like a sustainable business model for a startup that has raised nearly $200 million in private funding, but for now that is exactly how it makes money. And with a fresh $125 million in the bank, it plans to grow its team and business across the U.S.
“We’ll continue to shine a spotlight on unfairness,” Palaniappan said. “Our work doesn’t end with the pay cycle. We will expand our team and develop new partnerships, but most importantly, continue to drive awareness around the financial challenges faced by so many Americans.”
It’s worth noting that Earnin also pitches a “pay it forward” feature that invites workers to leave a bigger tip — when they can afford it — to cover someone who can’t. And this system is also being used to support causes — for example, the company said the Earnin “community” helped fellow members in evacuation zones during the recent hurricane season by covering fuel costs.
Earnin has gained notable traction already, claiming workers from some 50,000 U.S employers, including Apple and Starbucks.
“It’s rare for a company to tackle social change while also solving financial challenges, but Earnin’s advocacy and unwavering drive to redefine the banking system is what sets them apart,” added Andreessen Horowitz general partner Alex Rampel.
 is one of the most iconic creators in gaming. He’s responsible for notable games such as 
, 
, and 
. He’s also working 
. And now he’s going to be teaching others his design process.
Wright is creating videos for 
, a site that hosts online lessons from experts in their field. For example, you can learn comedy from Steve Martin, cooking from Gordon Ramsey, and tennis from Serena Williams. You get access to these videos with a $180 a year subscription.
That’s an impressive list of celebrities, and Wright rightfully (heh) belongs in their company. He is hosting a total of 20 lessons, each about 10 to 20 minutes long, combining for over 4 hours of teachings.
We had a chance to talk with Wright about the creation of his classes, what they will cover, and his history in game design.
 Well, the opportunity came up. I’ve given a lot of talks over the years about games and game design, but never really comprehensively, beginning to end, all about game design. It helps me corral my thinking, figuring out — what is the overview? What are the subjects I should cover? What does game design mean to me? What does it encompass? I’ve probably learned more about it than the students will.
 It’s very broad in terms of — I’m trying to get into the deep fundamentals of it. It’s not so much how to program in Java, that kind of thing. In fact, I’ve always found the technology side to be fairly straightforward. Not quite boring, but straightforward. The interesting part to me has always been, how do you hack the player’s psychology? That’s the part of the system that’s interesting to me, and that’s what a lot of the class focuses on.
 Well, it was very professional. You had at least 50 people running around doing lighting, makeup, this and that and the other. It was very professional. But luckily I actually had a friend of mine, Amy Jo Kim — she was helping focus the discussion with questions and things. She’s a game designer as well. She knows me.
I think once we actually started filming, the lights went on and those 50 people just disappeared. It was really just Amy and I having these deep discussions about game design.
Above: The original black-and-white SimCity for Mac.
 Well, the challenge is always, how do you deconstruct the player’s imagination and figure out how to use that to your advantage? Other formats — Hitchcock was a master of that. He’d turn your imagination against you. The scariest stuff in those movies was the stuff you didn’t see, the stuff you imagined.
For a game designer, it’s how do you capture somebody’s imagination so they want to come into your world and do things and feel accomplishment? They feel like it’s interesting enough that it’s a place they can be creative. I think that I continually learn about how people think, what motivates them, what interests them. That’s probably always the toughest part.
 Yeah, although there actually is part of the class where I go pretty deep into systems design, why systems — different metaphors. Network systems, system dynamics, and how you pick these mechanical things and try to create emergence from them, so that cool, interesting, surprising things will come out of these.
 I think it’s pretty broad, but I think it’s more focused toward people who are seriously into this. These might be people who learn a bit of coding. They’ve made a few little games or whatever. They’re starting to understand the mechanical aspects of it. Now there’s this wide open landscape in front of them. What do I do? How do I think about this? For those people who are ready for that step, this is going to give them a way to think about the whole field.
And even people outside of game design can learn a lot about user psychology for product design, interactive design of any kind. A lot of what I cover is very applicable to that as well.
 Oh, gosh. I’d say maybe The Sims, because I spent seven years trying to sell that, sell the idea to people. Nobody really got it, so I took a guerrilla team and just programmed it. That was challenging not so much on the programming and development side. It was more, how do I pitch this so people will understand it? Spore was an incredible technical challenge. There were so many technical things to overcome with Spore.
Above: The Sims.
 Yeah, I think it’s changed the development process quite a bit. You tend to deal with much lighter, smaller code bases that you can iterate on and update. You can actually learn a lot more in development from the players, because you can put something out there, let people use it, and continually have it evolve. It changes the development process a lot. I think the fundamentals of how you engage a player’s imagination are pretty much the same, though.
 My first couple of games I did all by myself. I did art, sound, music, graphics, everything. With Spore we had 135 people working on it. It’s quite a bit different when you’re managing a huge team like that. I think that — back then, also, I felt — in the early days, the primary limitation was technology. I wish I had better graphics. I wish I had more memory. I wish I had a faster processor.
That all started evaporating about 15 years ago. Now I don’t feel like there are any real meaningful limitations put on me by technology. Pretty much anything I can imagine, we can build.
 Actually, there’s a whole section about that. The gist of it is that I think games and story are two sides of the same coin. Somebody who really wants to be a storyteller, there might be other formats that are better for you. The best stories I’ve ever experienced or heard of in games were the players’ stories, the things that uniquely happened to each person, what they did.
Those are the ones that people really share and are proud of and want to talk about. I’ve really focused on that. How do you create systems where cool player stories emerge from that?
Above: Will Wright teaching game design.
 Back then there was nobody teaching game design, so it was pretty much — fail. [laughs] Learn by failure. I learned a lot from my early games. Some of them I consider kind of noble failures, like SimEarth. I learned some very valuable lessons that helped some of my later games be more successful.
But also, in the early days, you’d go to the Game Developers Conference and meet other developers. The first GDC I went to, it was attended by I think maybe 80 people? The next one was maybe 300. Everybody knew everybody else. When you’re dealing with that small of a community of people doing something new and creative, you share a lot of ideas back and forth. I learned a lot from other game designers.
 Unfortunately, yes. [
] There’s a section about prototyping where we cover that. How you basically fail fast and learn from those failures very quickly, because — the whole time you’re designing something, you’re going down this huge tree of possibilities.
You’re going to end up on one little branch of that tree, but along the way you’ll hit a lot of forks. You might take the wrong fork and have to back up. To be effective, especially if you’re doing something new and unique — if you’re doing a better version of a first-person shooter you’re not going to experience that nearly as much, but you’re not going to create something quite as creative either.
Above: Spore lets you make your own creatures.
 Well, there are a couple of rules of thumb I’ve found. Even for games that I play, ones that I didn’t make. One of them is that games that are really good, even in an early stage, I find myself playing them in my head, even when I’m away from the machine. I’m playing Civilization or something like that on my computer, but when I’m not playing it, I’m still sitting there thinking about — when I get back to the game I’m going to do this next.
In my mind I’m imagining what I’m going to do next in the game. And if it gets to a point where it’s in my head and I’m playing it in my spare time away from the computer, that’s a really good indicator. Or when somebody’s watching you play a game and they want to try it. They see what you’re doing and they instantly want to engage and interact with it. There are a lot of indicators like that.
 Yeah, it is. Especially — anything dealing with software, when you think that you’re 80 or 90 percent done, you’re really halfway done. It’s always the case. You’re looking at this piece of code or this game or whatever. It’s almost done! I’m just about finished! But really you’re halfway done. That’s always been my experience. When you get to the point where you thought you were done, you learn a lot, and you have to go back and test things and tune it.
If you really want it to be good you have to have a lot of perseverance at the end, especially with a large team, which has a lot of other links involved. It’s hard. It’s not something for the faint of heart. [laughs] I think that’s true of almost any design field.
Above: Take notes.
 Well, I go into, basically, how you sell it during the development process. In other words, first you have to sell it to yourself. Do I really want to do this? Do I like it that much? Do I want to invest my life into it? Then you have to sell it to the team that you’re building. You have to inspire them and get them on the same page and have them as motivated as you are. And then of course you have to sell it to whoever is going to fund it, the executives from your company or whatever.
A lot of the stages at which you’re pitching this thing — nowadays you don’t even put a game in a box. You download it off the web. But it used to be that it came in a box. As soon as the player sees the box they’re playing the game in their heads, imagining what the game is like. It’s not just how you put ads out to sell it. It’s also how you present the thing in a such a way that somebody sees it and they can instantly start imagining playing it and it’s fun. That imaginary game, what they think it is, is fun to play, and they want to try it.
 Yes, and there are different dimensions to that. The most successful teams I’ve worked in, usually there was a very strong producer. In my case for a number of years it was Lucy Bradshaw. She was very good at the logistical side of managing people, hiring, day-to-day stuff, what you pretty much call management.
The other side of that is creative vision. A lot of companies would call that a creative director. That’s a different sort of leadership position. But it has its own challenges. At that point you’re leading a creative team, but you’re also interacting with people from what we could call the management side.
Above: Will Wright at GamesBeat 2013.
 Several months ago we started talking about it. I was giving them a lot of the material that I give in my talks and a rough idea — they were coming back to me with outline ideas and we iterated back and forth on how we could structure the whole thing into sections and subsections. It was several weeks of figuring out the format of how to present the material and the outline of the material.
But once you get me on camera and pick a subject, I’ll sit there and talk forever. [laughs] That part was easy. It was really more about the order and the structure of how we would present it.
 Oh, yeah, definitely. And also just talking about lessons I’ve learned from the games I’ve made. Things that worked and didn’t work, what made me choose to do it this way instead of that way. I use a lot of my own experience, just as an example. Of course, that’s not the only way to do it. It’s just my style.
 Oh, yeah. Quite a bit of it, really, is psychology. Like a quarter of the whole thing is talking about psychology. I think a lot of people would find that interesting, even gamers who aren’t quite realizing what’s going on in their head when they play a game. Again, there are a lot of other creative fields that could benefit from this.
One of the points I tried to make is that — I think game design is maybe one of the most challenging design fields, because it incorporates almost any other field of design you could imagine. Things like storytelling, architecture, set design, art, sound, music. All these things are part of game design. I can’t think of any other design field that’s quite as broad as game design.
Uber today restarted tests of its self-driving cars in Pittsburgh, eight months after one of its prototypical Volvo SUVs 
 in Tempe, Arizona. Uber 
 earlier this week from Pennsylvania’s Department of Transportation authorizing it to redeploy its fleet in the city. And Eric Meyhofer, head of the company’s Advanced Technologies Group (the division responsible for the bulk of Uber’s driverless car research) said in a blog post this morning that manual tests had relaunched in San Francisco and in Toronto.
“Manual driving introduces new scenarios that our system will encounter and allows us to recreate them in a virtual world or on the test track to improve system performance,” Meyhofer wrote. “This is an important step to self-driving operations. We will only pursue a return to the road for self-driving in these cities in coordination with federal, state, and local authorities.”
The Pittsburgh redeployment won’t be close to full scale. Uber’s cars will operate on a mile-long route between two of its offices in the city’s Strip District and will travel no faster than 25 miles per hour, the company said. They will also stay off of the roads at night and during inclement weather. Moreover, the vehicles will be driven by teams of two employees — “mission specialists” — who will switch off every two hours and who will both be limited to four hours behind the wheel in a workday.
A spokesperson for Pittsburgh mayor Bill Peduto told the 
 that Uber has “accepted established state guidelines, demonstrated transparency, and conformed to our expectations in addressing the unique conditions of a complex urban environment” and that its autonomous cars “will not introduce an increased level of safety risk in Pittsburgh.”
Uber started reintroducing fleets of self-driving cars in Pittsburgh late this summer, albeit with their autonomous systems disabled. In a 
 published in June, Meyhofer detailed other newly implemented safeguards, such as a training program focused on safe manual driving and monitoring systems that alert remote monitors if drivers take their eyes off the road.
Uber says that it has spent months testing its self-driving technology on a closed track and that it has completed a lengthy internal review. It has also hired an advisor — former National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) chair Christopher Hart — to assess the company’s safety culture.
Following the March crash, Uber halted self-driving tests in San Francisco, Toronto, and Pittsburgh, shortly after Arizona governor Doug Ducey 
 the company’s permission to deploy cars in the state. More recently, Uber laid off 100 of its autonomous vehicle operators, although it has encouraged them to apply for new jobs in Pittsburgh.
This summer, the NTSB determined that Uber had disabled the automatic emergency braking system in the Volvo XC90 involved in May’s fatal crash. (In internal documents, the company said this was to “reduce the potential for erratic vehicle behavior.”) The NTSB also found that the car’s perception system detected the victim about six seconds before impact but that it didn’t determine emergency braking was needed until 1.3 seconds before impact.
According to a separate report from the 
a former Uber manager raised concerns about the driverless cars’ road-readiness in an email sent days before the accident
In a voluntary safety assessment filed with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, Uber said that with a newly established systems engineering testing team it’s now better positioned “to reason over many possible outcomes to ultimately come to a safe response,” and that in the coming months it will form a self-driving safety advisory board of outside experts.
“At Uber, we believe that technology has the power to make transportation more efficient, accessible, and safer than ever before,” Meyhofer wrote. “Self-driving technology has the potential to make these benefits an everyday reality for our customers, but it’s not going to happen overnight. Building best-in-class self-driving technology will take time, and safety is our priority every step of the way.”
Mobile data and analytics firm 
 said that global app and game downloads, as well as consumer spending in those apps, reached new heights in 2018.
Based on preliminary data through December 15, 
 predicted that global downloads across iOS and Google Play will surpass 113 billion downloads in 2018, up 10 percent from 2017.
Consumer spend is predicted to have grown even faster at 20 percent year over year to surpass $76 billion globally. This is fueled by growing consumer spend in mobile games — the most 
 — as well as ever-increasing revenue from in-app subscriptions in non-gaming apps.
In addition, mobile is expected to take a greater share of consumers’ time in 2018 than ever before. In 2018, the average smartphone user in the United States spent nearly three hours each day in apps, up 10 percent from 2017 and up 20 percent from 2016.
2018 has been another transformative year for mobile. The year saw the rise of social video, hyper-casual games atop the charts, battle royale gaming take over the world, and electric scooters becoming a popular mode of transportation. New genres and categories continue to emerge on mobile, bringing new apps and new opportunities, App Annie said.
The top game of the year was Fate/Grand Order, while the top app was Netflix. You can see the rest of the list in the chart.
AT&T may be 
 its 
 to launch “5G” service in 12 cities this week, but based on what the company has said — and not said — I can only conclude that its 5G network isn’t actually ready for prime time. Yet.
The problem is straightforward: As of today, 5G’s only benefit over 4G is speed, and AT&T has gone silent on the speed of its 5G network. Verizon promised 
 before launching its 5G home broadband network in October, then 
 its minimum guarantees. By contrast, AT&T made no commitment to network speeds (or latency) in its 
 nor does it offer performance estimates in its consumer 5G web pages.
Seeking to quantify the network’s performance, I reached out to the normally responsive AT&T to ask about a 
 that its 5G+ network would have real-world speeds of 
, despite theoretical peak speeds that have alternately been pegged at 
 or 
, depending on the source. There was no response.
The lack of speed details is a terrible sign, especially because AT&T now says that its first 5G device — 
 — runs on “5G+,” the 
 part of its 5G network, which is being built for “innovation zones in select locations.” That’s apparently AT&T’s new marketing explanation for high-bandwidth millimeter wave 5G, which its 
 now implicitly suggests won’t be offered nationwide.
Above: Existing phones can achieve 150Mbps speeds on T-Mobile’s 4G network.
If AT&T’s real-world 5G speeds are indeed only 140Mbps, it’s about to have a very rocky launch. To put that number in context, I was personally able to hit 150Mbps during testing of both the 
 and 
 this fall — on T-Mobile’s existing 4G network, without leaving my neighborhood for one of AT&T’s 12 selected 5G cities. And the latest Qualcomm-powered Android phones are capable of achieving even faster peak speeds with the right cell towers.
You can be certain that AT&T would be crowing right now if had brag-worthy speeds. After all, it has 12 cities’ worth of customers to pitch on 5G service, which it says will start at a hefty $70 per month for only 15GB of data. But it’s instead planning to spend “at least 90 days” giving away Nighthawk hotspots and 5G service for free to certain early adopters. Then it will actually start selling the device and service next spring.
From my perspective, this all adds up to an unfortunate conclusion. Despite AT&T’s claim that tomorrow it will be “the first and only company in the U.S. to offer a mobile 5G device over a commercial, standards-based mobile 5G network,” the launch doesn’t sound “commercial” to me. Giving away “5G+” hardware and service without any speed promises sounds like a punt: a 90-day test with results (hopefully including data caps and pricing) to be re-evaluated next year.
Given how physically large the Nighthawk 5G Hotspot is, the only reason I’d even consider participating in AT&T’s test would be that it’s free. Even then, I might be just as well off with the performance of the T-Mobile phone I can fit in my pocket. So now it’s up to AT&T to demonstrate that there’s more to be gained from its 5G network than “first” bragging rights — both for consumers, and for itself.
 AT&T has provided a small interim update, as it says that it’s just beginning to gather actual speeds since it’s still testing both its network and hotspot.
For Nighthawk: “While actual speeds will be lower, the hotspot is designed to eventually reach a peak theoretical speed up to 979Mbps in ideal lab conditions. This device can also access our 5G EVO and 4G LTE networks, which is a great advantage and very useful for our selected customers when not in 5G+ coverage.”
For the 5G+ Network: “A number of factors will contribute to the overall experience – device, number of customers on the network simultaneously, etc. In 2019 we expect 5G to ultimately enable multi-gigabit speeds as the ecosystem evolves.”
 A German court ruled on Thursday that iPhone maker Apple infringed a hardware patent of Qualcomm and said the U.S. company could no longer sell some iPhone models in Germany which contain a particular component.
The ruling will not go into immediate effect if Apple appeals, judge Matthias Zigann told the court.
The German case is Qualcomm’s third major effort to secure a ban on Apple’s lucrative iPhones over patent infringement allegations after similar court efforts in the United States and in China.
In Germany, Qualcomm is seeking a ban on some iPhones with chips from Intel. The judge ruled that phones that contain a chip from Apple supplier Qorvo violated one of Qualcomm’s patents around so-called envelope tracking, a feature that helps mobile phones save battery power while sending and receiving wireless signals.
“Competition authorities around the world have repeatedly found Qualcomm’s licensing practices unlawful, yet Qualcomm continues to try to achieve the same results through a campaign of patent lawsuits. These lawsuits have been largely unsuccessful, and at best would reduce innovation and raise prices,” Steven Rodgers, Intel’s general counsel, said in a statement.
Apple and Qorvo were not immediately available for comment.
Qualcomm sued Apple in the regional court in Munich in July last year, seeking an injunction to halt some iPhone sales in Germany as well as monetary damages.
The case is part of a broader court conflict between the two, in which 
 that Qualcomm engaged in anticompetitive business practices to protect a monopoly on so-called modem chips, which help mobile phones connect to wireless data networks. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has also sued Qualcomm over its business practices in a case set to go to trial in California next month.
Qualcomm has 
 around the world that Apple violated its patents and has sought bans on iPhone sales in the 
 and 
.
U.S. regulators found Apple infringed one Qualcomm patent but have so far recommended against banning some iPhone sales, but a Chinese court 
 earlier this month. Apple said its phones remain on sale and that it believes it has complied with the Chinese court’s order, but it also 
 in the wake of the ruling.
 Apple has issued a statement announcing the suspension of iPhone 7 and iPhone 8 sales in its own retail stores in Germany, but with continued sales of “all iPhone models” through carriers and resellers.
Apple’s statement: “Qualcomm’s campaign is a desperate attempt to distract from the real issues between our companies. Their tactics, in the courts and in their everyday business, are harming innovation and harming consumers. Qualcomm insists on charging exorbitant fees based on work they didn’t do and they are being investigated by governments all around the world for their behavior. We are of course disappointed by this verdict and we plan to appeal. All iPhone models remain available to customers through carriers and resellers in 4,300 locations across Germany. During the appeal process, iPhone 7 and iPhone 8 models will not be available at Apple’s 15 retail stores in Germany. iPhone XS, iPhone XS Max and iPhone XR will remain available in all our stores.”
In a 
, Qualcomm said:
“The judgment is immediately enforceable once Qualcomm posts bonds covering potential damages incurred by Apple should the judgment be overturned or amended on appeal…. The court has also determined that Apple is liable for monetary damages in an amount to be determined at a later time.”
Qualcomm appears to be set to rapidly post the necessary bonds, tightening the screws on Apple’s iPhone distribution. “The court also granted Qualcomm’s request for an accounting of the details associated with all sales, including revenues and profits of the accused devices in Germany and a recall and destruction of all accused devices from all retailers in Germany.”
Gift guides for Christmas are cool. But how many of us open presents every year, disappointed by the same ol’ thing every season. A nice shirt. A warm sweater. That box of sausage and snacks from Hillshire Farms (OK, I don’t mind finding this under the tree).
Or you find gift cards. Lots and lots of gift cards.
Two years ago, 
 This year, I’m getting more personal and offering suggestions on how to spend the money you get from returns or gift cards. I’ve either read or played around or tinkered with everything on this list in 2018, and I found myself either buying them for myself … or putting into a post-holiday shopping cart, just waiting for a sale.
I hope you enjoy these ideas as much as I do. Happy holidays!
Above: Metroplex is one big unit
One of the biggest surprises of the fall (for me, at least) was how much I enjoyed the Transformers card game. You can play it in two ways: a simplified version that just compares raw stats, and another that prizes how you build you deck, using actions and equipment like weapons to enhance your Cybertronian conscripts (hey, you’re putting together a deck and not giving these bots any choice, so they’re indeed conscripts, right?).
It’s accessible for kids and adults — my 6 year old can play it. He still has issues with Pokémon, so it’s nice to give him a card game with rules basic enough that he can grasp. It’s flexible enough that you can build decks around themes. Want to make a deck that’s all about the Insecticons? Go ahead! One starring Starscream, that most devious of Decepticons? Sure, why not! Have an all-trucks deck starring Optimus Prime? Roll out!
My favorite aspect is the art — it pulls images from the IDW comics line, which feature some of the best Transformers imagery ever created. It makes the cards shine, though I do hope we’ll be seeing original art in the future.
Above: One, two, Halaster’s coming for you. …
I’ve written about 
, and my one of my favorite of such delves is Undermountain. This is the deep complex beneath the city of Waterdeep, and it’s the creation of an insane wizard, Halaster Blackcloak, and this campaign book for Dungeons & Dragons explores these halls better than any production beforehand. It’s a fun read even if you don’t plan on running a party of adventurers through this deathtrap.
But this isn’t just about the lore and the fun. It works with an earlier campaign from this year, 
, and when you use both together, it combines for an epic campaign that takes your players from 1st level all the way to 20th level. And it’s all in (or under) one city. That’s an amazing feat.
And the artwork is pretty cool as well!
Above: Art & Arcana is 40 years of gorgeous D&D artwork.
One of my favorite things about Dungeons & Dragons over the years is the art — and just looking at it, but its evolution, from edition to edition, from design philosophy changes, and more important, from changes in artists and art directors. It’s a treasure trove of hundreds of images, including art never seen in the books, large canvasses, and drafts.
For someone like me, who’s been into D&D since the early 1980s, it not only chronicles a game but a life journey hand-in-hand with beloved adventure books, novels, and video games.
Above: Rocket League — in real life! Kinda.
This feels like something you’d get for kids, not for yourself. But bear with me. Rocket League is one of the most enjoyable games out there, and playing it in your living room with RC cars is almost as fun.
It’s something that kids and adults alike can jump into and have fun with, and if you tire of playing car soccer, you can race the vehicles. It’s pricey, which is the one thing going against it, but once you make a few returns or use a couple of gift cards, it doesn’t feel so expensive.
Above: *Cue Imperial March here*
2018 is the year I stand up to my wife and get the one hat I’ve long wanted to wear on my head: a cap of an officer in the Imperial Navy from Star Wars. It’s stylish! It shows power. It’s just plain cool. And my wife has nixed it, year after year after year after year. Well, no longer!
(OK, maybe it’s not worth the wrath of my wife. But it’s still a cool hat!)
It’s winter, so you’re going to be tracking in dirt and water for the next few months if you don’t have a classy doormat. Few items are as iconic in gaming at the Nintendo Entertainment System (or for you youngins, the 
), and it’ll give many people a smile before they come into your home this winter for a board game party, a round of Super Smash Bros. Ultimate, or watching the big game.
Above: Kings of the Wyld is my favorite book I read in 2018.
This is my favorite book that I read in 2018. A friend of my bills it as “a book about your old 
 party,” and that’s a good plot synopsis. In Nicholas Eames’ debut novel, a band of old mercs gets back together to save one of their daughters, who went to help rescue a city and instead finds herself trapped by a siege of horrible monsters from the Heartwyld, a great wilderness where beats and disease, not humanity.
Each member of this band fills one of the standard roles in a RPG party — you’ve got the unstoppable fighter, a kooky wizard, a wily rogue, etc. But this story is anything but a trope: It shows a group of men dealing with aging, with the bonds of family, loyalty, and friendship, their loved ones, and having the courage to stand up to an unwinnable situation.
Above: Hive Mind is a fantastic party game.
No, this one isn’t about mind flayers. It’s the best party game I played this year. Hive Mind is like reverse-Scattergories. Instead of trying to get the most answers no one else has, you try to get the most answers that everyone else has (the “hive mind” aspect). The person who gets the fewest correct each round drops one level out of the hive (the board looks like a beehive).
Hive Mind is at its best when you’re with a group of friends who decide to get silly with their answers and not just go with the first thing that comes to their heads. It’s even better when you’re with some of your closest buddies and believe you know how they think … and then find out their answers don’t fit that pattern.
Design-focused software company Autodesk has made its second construction industry acquisition in a month, announcing that it has agreed to buy 
, a platform that helps property owners and contractors procure bids and qualify vendors. The deal is worth $275 million (net of cash acquired).
The news follows last month’s announcement that Autodesk 
, a productivity software company for the 
, in an $875 million deal. Incidentally, Autodesk 
 earlier today. Autodesk also 
 Assemble Systems back in July.
Autodesk sells a range of computer-aided design (CAD) software products, with clients spanning architecture, engineering, manufacturing, and construction. With these acquisitions, it’s clear the company is doubling down on efforts to push beyond design and into the broader start-to-finish project cycle.
“We are investing in digitizing and automating construction workflows — Autodesk’s goal is to connect construction processes across design, build, and operations,” Autodesk CEO Andrew Anagnost said in a 
. “BuildingConnected has proven to customers the tremendous value in moving from traditional rolodexes, whiteboards, emails, and spreadsheets to an easy-to-use digital bidding platform.”
The construction sphere is not 
 — a 
 noted that the industry ranks among the lowest in terms of productivity, which the study put down to a lack of digitization. This is one of the reasons 
 to transform the $10 trillion construction industry.
Founded out of San Francisco in 2012, BuildingConnected set out to streamline the preconstruction phase of building work through software that helps all relevant parties procure bids, vet vendors, and more. The platform includes a customer relationship management (CRM) database to consolidate bids, while it also integrates with third-party calendar apps to help manage appointments and schedules.
Above: BuildingConnected
BuildingConnected has raised nearly $53 million since its inception, 
 tranche last year. And many other startups are jostling to disrupt the industry, such as Paris-based 
, which serves up a range of software and analytics products to help construction companies manage processes and glean insights — and which 
 just last week. Another startup, called OpenSpace, 
 that taps helmet-mounted cameras to capture footage from construction sites and chart building progress.
For Autodesk, acquiring BuildingConnected means it now has a stronger preconstruction software suite, covering risk analysis and bid procurement.
“Bid management is a critical step in preconstruction, since bidding is the genesis of construction projects,” added BuildingConnected cofounder and CEO Dustin DeVan. “Our game-changing suite of preconstruction tools are saving customers time and money.”
Autodesk has been a public company for more than 30 years, and its shares have enjoyed something of a surge 
 in February 2017. In the months since, its shares have jumped more than 60 percent to $130.
Autodesk said the BuildingConnected acquisition is expected to close by the end of January 2019.
Best known for word processing, painting, and video editing tools, 
 today added a major new collection of apps to its portfolio by 
 — the top developer of emulation software to 
. That’s good news for Parallels users, as Corel is promising “significant investment into the Parallels business” after the deal.
Currently on version 14, Parallels is the best-selling way to bring Windows PC apps to Apple’s computers. Unlike Apple’s free 
, which forces a reboot and lets Windows fully take over the computer, Parallels allows Windows and its apps to run simultaneously with macOS. Frequently updated to support the latest versions of macOS and Windows, the app sells for $80, typically with the option of an annual $50 upgrade to bring it up to full speed with the latest macOS major release.
The acquisition involves both Parallels employees and apps, which range from the well-known Parallels Desktop for Mac to helper apps such as Parallels Toolbox for Windows and Mac, Parallels Access, Parallels Mac Management for Microsoft SCCM, and Parallels Remote Application Server (RAS). Collectively, these apps enable consumers and business users to access their Windows and Mac desktops on other devices, including smartphones and tablets.
“We’re excited to welcome our new Parallels employees to Corel’s global organization,” said Corel CEO Patrick Nichols. “From our highly complementary product portfolios to our shared business models and strategies, Corel and Parallels are a great fit. Thanks to the combined power of our technologies and teams, we see tremendous opportunities to drive continued growth and success for our businesses and, most importantly, our customers.”
Both companies will face one major challenge going forward: developing a pricing model that makes it possible to grow or maintain Parallels’ customer base. In years past, Parallels has tied its major releases — and paid upgrades — to Apple’s macOS updates, which used to be significant for customers. But in recent years, macOS updates have tended to be smaller in scope, reducing the perceived value of upgrading apps like Parallels. The 
 of the most recent Parallels upgrade was “significantly less” usage of a Mac’s resources during emulation, a clear illustration of the challenges facing emulator makers and macOS software developers, in general.
Millennials and Gen Zers are media-savvy, advertising-suspicious, and generally the only kind of direct brand content they’re willing to follow is 
.
But there’s the key — consumers are looking for authentic, quirky voices that feel relatable. They want to feel like they can be real friends with the people they follow. And that’s where the brand opportunity happens. 
 millennials and Gen Zers, that coveted 18-to-34 age bracket, trust what an influencer says about a brand far more than what a brand says about itself.
VB Live brought together a round table of hard-core influencer marketers, masters, and advocates for a round table discussion on the tremendous power of influencer marketing, how to navigate the potential pitfalls, and how to get it right.
“For the structure of our influencer marketing, we’re simply making authenticity a priority for anything we do in the space,” says Amanda Brown, senior manager of digital marketing at TGI Fridays. “Not every influencer we work with is incredibly popular. In some instances we’ve embraced some micro influencers. We’re seeing relationships bloom in their community just off of one interaction.”
She offers the example of the vegan rapper on Instagram who was upset with the restaurant’s new vegetarian burger launch — the burger came with cheese, when he wanted it fully vegan, and made a video expressing his disappointment.
“We sprung into action,” Brown says. “About 10 p.m. on a Tuesday night I personally got on the phone with him, and explained customization options.”
She resolved those concerns, got the location of his nearest Fridays, and offered to buy him a burger on them. Little did they know that later that night, he wouldn’t just show up alone. He showed up with 20-plus people to celebrate the launch of the vegan burger.
“It made for great content,” she says. “You could feel the excitement. You could feel the authentic love for the brand, especially since we went out of our way to make sure that his experience was a good one after he’d expressed such disappointment. From beginning to end, authenticity is everything that you look for.”
That authenticity is almost built in, in the food space, because food is such a central and emotional part of people’s lives, as entertainment, as connection, as sustenance, and as love.
“When you talk about food and recipes, people are often driven by influencers, whether it’s someone they know, family or friends, or celebrity chefs, or even just someone that might not be famous, but has the same taste profile or allergy restrictions or gravitates toward the same food as they do,” says Taimoor Dar, Head of Community at Yummly, the recipe recommendation site. “We’re always teaming up with celebrity chefs or specific bloggers that are very niche, targeted toward specific audiences we want to go after.”
They deal with about 30,000 influencers on an ongoing basis, Dar says, since the food space is so large, but generally work with a handful at a time, both externally on social platforms like Instagram and Facebook, and internally on their own website.
Their influencer stable ranges from famous chefs all the way down to part-time stay-at-home bloggers who might have 100,000 followers on Instagram or a blog site, as well as a Yummly profile.
“It’s really a wide variety for us,” she adds, “mostly because people have such a wide variety of food preferences, tastes, and goals when it comes to eating.”
At TGI Fridays, their influencer strategy used to focus entirely on relationships with big paid influencers, says Brown. “As we continue to experiment and learn with influencer marketing, we’re identifying what works best for us in the paid versus unpaid realm of influencer activation.”
They regularly engage with influencers around their largest campaign windows, activating them for opportunities as they arise and for content to leverage during a particular push, but they maintain personal relationships and continue behind the scenes conversations with influencers throughout the year.
“We don’t want influencer relationships to be self-serving,” Brown explains. “We often partner up with influencers and partners and other companies to help support their initiatives when it makes sense. “We like to look at it as more of a friend-to-friend relationship.”
When it comes to results, whenever the company works with influencers, they’ve seen an increase in positive sentiment, Brown says, especially if the influencer already has an affinity for their brand, and that affinity that extends to their audience.
“As a consequence, there’s fan growth,” she says. “They want to engage with our brand on an ongoing basis since they already know there’s a connection and a mutual interest.”
“Our influencers are our biggest advocates,” says Mae Karwowski, founder and CEO of influencer marketing company Obviously. “We have more than 400,000 influencers globally on the Obviously platform. We’re always having them evangelize, talk about us.”
They also practice what they preach, ensuring that they’re building strong two-way relationships with these influencers. They host happy hours at their offices across the world, and Karwowski stays active on social media, always liking and commenting and messaging influencers they work with frequently, and have implemented a loyalty program as well. Called the Corgi program, it rewards their influencers with personalized analytics and consultations, and the more collaborations influencers do, the more feedback Obviously offers in terms of surveys, emails, and event invitations.
“We’re all in on building our own relationships with influencers,” she says.
For every company, it’s about identifying the right influencers for the right brand, which is critical in nailing the authenticity part of the influencer marketing strategy, they all agree.
To learn more about how to identify the influencers that will make a difference for your brand, how to manage multiple influencer campaigns, and how to drive real-world results from your strategy, catch up on this VB Live event!
(
) — A user of Amazon’s Alexa voice assistant in Germany got access to more than a thousand recordings from another user because of “a human error” by the company.
The customer had asked to listen back to recordings of his own activities made by Alexa but he was also able to access 1,700 audio files from a stranger when Amazon sent him a link, German trade publication c’t reported.
“This unfortunate case was the result of a human error and an isolated single case,” an Amazon spokesman said on Thursday.
The first customer had initially got no reply when he told Amazon about the access to the other recordings, the report said. The files were then deleted from the link provided by Amazon but he had already downloaded them on to his computer, added the report from c’t, part of German tech publisher Heise.
“We resolved the issue with the two customers involved and took measures to further optimize our processes. As a precautionary measure we contacted the relevant authorities”, the Amazon spokesman added.
On the recordings, a man and a female companion could be overheard in his home and the magazine was able to identify and contact him through the recorded information, according to the report.
(
)
Caavo’s Control Center, a set-top box that leverages a combination of machine learning, deep linking, APIs, HDMI-CEC, IP Control, Bluetooth, and IR to unify your entertainment console, is becoming a bit more capable. Starting today, it supports IFTTT, a web-based service that lets you create chained rules to trigger actions in Gmail, Facebook, Telegram, Instagram, Amazon’s Alexa, Fitbit, Slack, Skype, Pinterest, and over 600 other services.
 is basically a souped-up HDMI switcher with artificial intelligence (AI). There’s no need to specify which boxes, receivers, and dongles are plugged into it — Control Center detects them automatically (including your TV), and a clever picture-in-picture menu obviates the need to switch inputs manually. A universal search feature not only pulls up titles across live television, network-attached storage devices, and storefronts like Netflix, Amazon, and YouTube, it automatically chooses the 
 devices from which to play content. Niftily, it offers built-in voice search and works with both Amazon’s Alexa and the Google Assistant, with support for Dolby Atmost and HDR standards, including HDR10 and Dolby Vision.
Here’s how IFTTT on Control Center works: Assuming you’re already signed up for IFTTT, you create or choose from a list of conditional statements — Applets — to connect third-party devices and services to Control Center. Some send alerts to your TV for things like upcoming appointments, important emails, and security alerts, Caavo says, and others effectively transform Control Center into a hub for connected deadbolts, smart thermostats, and other connected devices.
A few of the published Applets include Pizza Cam, which triggers a Ring or Nest door camera to alert you through your TV when someone’s at the door, and Dim the Lights, which dials down Philips Hue lighting fixtures on command. Here’s a sampling of the others:
“The TV is the biggest shared screen in the home, and we want to make it easy for the whole family to get the most out of it,” Caavo CEO and cofounder Andrew Einaudi said in a statement. “By partnering with IFTTT, people can get even more value out of the smart home products they have in ways that are meaningful to their lives.”
Caavo’s Control Center starts at $99. The optional Control Center Service Plan, which enables universal search, content deep linking, access to guides and recommendations, and more, costs $20 a year or $2 a month.
The app advertising market is expected to grow 136 percent from $27.1 billion in 2017 to $64.1 billion in 2020, according to a new 
 by 
, a mobile attribution company.
The report projects that marketing spending will grow at an average year-over-year rate of 34 percent. Growth will gradually decrease as the market matures, but it will be sustained by substantial increases in media costs and mobile usage, as well as the number of paid campaigns, apps available, and mobile users overall, 
 said.
“AppsFlyer’s App Install Predictions report underscores the growing competition in the global mobile ecosystem,” said Shani Rosenfelder, head of content and mobile Insights at AppsFlyer, in a statement. “In the increasingly crowded mobile landscape, what will separate the best from the rest is intelligent use of high-quality data to inform marketing decisions, and innovative approaches to measuring and enhancing campaigns that drive installs and valuable users.”
In North America, one of the biggest app markets, spending on as for installing apps is projected to double by 2020 and hit $12.9 billion. Similar to the global projections, the average year-over-year change in this region will reach around 21 percent.
While growth of marketing for app installs will be big, the growth rate will not match the expected rise in media costs. AppsFlyer’s data shows global non-organic (paid advertising) app installs will grow by 110 percent into 2020, while North American non-organic installs will increase by 73 percent. With both the ad spend and growth rates of non-organic installs expected to maintain the same ratio through 2020, marketers will have to be increasingly efficient in their marketing efforts amid rising media costs.
“To seize the competitive edge, marketers will need to become more data-savvy, but it’s no less essential to be threat-savvy,” said Rosenfelder. “Fraudsters are vying for billions of dollars in revenue and securing the app economy will demand ongoing monitoring and protection.”
The numbers for the forecast came from AppsFlyer’s own data, which included 35 billion installs, $10 billion in ad spend, and 70,000 apps in the sample. The company also used other parameters, such as third-party mobile attribution market share data, CPI prediction per region, number of apps in the app stores, and the number of installs.
Spider-like 
 that can scale walls with ease might be coming to a metropolis near you, if researchers at Harvard and Rolls-Royce have their way. A newly published paper in the journal 
 details a system — dubbed Harvard Ambulatory MicroRobot with Electroadhesion, or HAMR-E for short — that uses electrostatic forces to grip horizontal, vertical, and even inverted metallic surfaces.
“The ability to climb greatly increases the reachable workspace of terrestrial robots, improving their utility for inspection and exploration tasks,” wrote the team of researchers from Harvard University’s Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering and John A. Paulson School of Engineering and Applied Sciences. “This is particularly desirable for small … robots operating in confined environments.”
HAMR-E is a retrofit of an existing robot — HAMR — that sports four limbs, weighs about 1.48 grams, and measures 4.5 centimeters long (a quarter of the length of a No. 2 pencil). In the course of the study, the paper’s coauthors affixed flexible electroadhesion pads to its “legs” and rotatable fiberglass-and-polyimide alignment ankles, each containing insulated copper electrodes wired to a power source. The climbing surface, meanwhile, was attached to an electrical ground, and when the bot’s pads were supplied with voltage, the resulting positive charge interacted with the wall’s negative charge to generate an attractive force.
It wasn’t as easy as it sounds. To prevent HAMR-E from getting stuck or losing its grip, the researchers had to implement a gait called a tripedal crawl, in which three of its legs remained in contact with the surface while one moved forward. As HAMR-E walked, voltage flowed to three of the legs and cut off voltage to one, alternating the flow as the quadrupedal robot moved forward. And they had to adopt a slightly different strategy for upside-down scenerios: HAMR-E’s front left leg lifted to move at the same time the back right leg pushed forward, counteracting the backward pitch created by the front leg lift.
“Without this reach and push, we were able to go for less than five steps,” Neel Doshi, a coauthor on the paper, told 
. “With these two parameters tuned appropriately, we’re able to walk for 80, 90 steps without random perturbations taking it off.”
In tests with 250 volts of electricity, HAMR-E was able to “walk” while hanging vertically a maximum of 215 steps at speeds of up to 1.2 millimeters per second. More impressively, on horizontal surfaces, it managed to travel 140 millimeters per second — roughly 0.31 miles per hour — and perform 180-degree turns.
HAMR-E won’t break robotic speed records anytime soon, needless to say, but the team envisions mechanisms like it being used to inspect the inside of commercial jet engines and other “high-value assets.” They’re already planning the next iteration of HAMR-E, which they say will be able to cling to surfaces without a tether thanks to more powerful adhesion pads that can support the weight of a small battery.
“Now that these robots can explore in three dimensions instead of just moving back and forth on a flat surface, there’s a whole new world that they can move around in and engage with,” first author Sébastien de Rivaz, a former research fellow at the Wyss Institute who now works at Apple, said in a 
. “They could one day enable non-invasive inspection of hard-to-reach areas of large machines, saving companies time and money and making those machines safer.”
Harvard isn’t the only institution developing walk-climbing robots. In another recent study, researchers led by Guoying Gu from Shanghai Jiao Tong University in China revealed a “tethered soft robot capable of climbing walls made of wood, paper, and glass” using a combination of artificial muscles and electro-adhesive feet.
Falls are the leading cause of injury among people 65 and older. Approximately 9,500 deaths in older Americans are associated with trips or stumbles each year, and on average, folks between the ages of 65 to 69 suffer a hip fracture one out of every 200 falls. More worryingly, as a result, 20 to 30 percent experience moderate to severe complications that can cause disability.
Cherry Labs, a Cupertino startup founded in 2016 by entrepreneurs Max Goncharov, Stas Veretennikov, and Nick Davidov, aims to prevent those sorts of injuries with an artificially intelligent (AI) in-home system — 
 — that’s able to detect and track users with vision sensors and microphones. It today announced a $5.2 million funding round led by GSR Ventures, which it says will fuel a pilot program set to kick off in the coming weeks with TheraCare, a caregiving service, and TriCura, a tech platform that uses mobile apps to capture and share information among families, caregivers, and agencies.
Cherry Home officially launched in October, and is currently testing with 15 families in the Bay Area. Its kits ship with a binocular battery-powered camera with a 165-degree field of view, 1TB of internal storage, and a bevy of sensors, including an infrared sensor (for night vision), a motion sensor, an accelerometer, an altimeter, and a compass. Over a mesh Wi-Fi network, they beam video footage and audio recordings to a high-end companion PC with a backup battery, which saves and analyzes the data in near-real time.
“Understanding human behavior has a long list of applications, from home security to in-home senior care to the overall goal of making smart homes totally autonomous,” Goncharov, who serves as CEO, said. “But improving senior care is arguably one of the most important areas for technological improvement.”
Cherry Home claims its proprietary algorithms can distinguish people by their faces, lengths of their limbs, colors of their clothes and hair, and other “complex body parameters” such as changes in their gaits or postures. The system’s cameras are able to triangulate themselves in a room and create a diagram of their surroundings, which they tap to keep tabs on the location of people in view.
Above: Cherry Home’s view of a stumbling elderly patient.
That info is delivered to doctors and caregivers to help them assess whether adjustments in treatment or hospital re-admittance might be necessary. Pertinent stats are collated in a dashboard, where users with access can view short looped videos of “anomalies” such as trips, stumbles, cries, or shouts, along with a customizable daily summary of activities.
When Cherry Home detects that a more serious incident might have occurred, like a fall, it issues an alert to nurses and family members who have opted to receive notifications.
Cherry Labs says the data Cherry Home collects is processed locally, at the edge. And it contends that, thanks to a novel AI framework based on nested autoencoders — AI models that attempt to learn data features by “reconstructing” representations as close to the original inputs as possible — the cameras can learn new actions and anomalies without human supervision, and without the need for large datasets.
This will inform future features like contextual smart home device integration, Goncharov said, as well as sophisticated stroke detection that can recognize the condition’s early stages.
“Seniors currently make up 15 percent of the U.S. population and by 2030, one in five Americans will be of retirement age,” he said. “Studies show the majority of those people wish to remain at home, as opposed to moving into an assisted living facility. Cherry Home can [make it] happen safely and efficiently.”
Above: Cherry Labs’ camera sensor.
Cherry Labs’ timing is unfortunate. This week, 
, an AI home security startup backed by Andy Rubin’s Playground Ventures, shuttered its doors after failing to gain traction in an ever-more-crowded consumer device sector. Nest, Netatmo, Ring, Arlo, D-Link, Wyze, Tend, and others are fiercely vying for a slice of the $670 million smart home security market, which is forecast to reach 
 by 2026.
Cherry Home is also a bit on the pricey side. A starter pack of sensors and a processor will tentatively cost $1,600 (for two rooms) when it begins shipping in the first quarter of 2019, or as much as $2,000 (for six rooms). That’s not factoring in the cost of Cherry Labs’ subscription service, which starts at $30 per month per sensor.
But Sunny Kumar, a partner at GSR Ventures, believes that Cherry Labs’ technological advantages — and its focus on elder care — differentiate it from the pack.
“The Cherry Home team has the technological prowess and vision to deliver valuable products to the rapidly growing elderly care market,” Kumar said. “We are excited to partner with them as they develop a suite of services to power tomorrow’s autonomous smart homes.”
Cherry Labs previously raised $840,000 from Gagarin Capital, Impulse VC, and Altair Capital, along with individual investors Alexander Agapitov, Yuri Gursky, Igor Matsanyuk, Julia Neznanova, Aigerim Shorman, and Greg Silverman. It currently employs over 27 AI researchers, product designers, and engineers across offices in Berlin, Moscow, and Shenzhen.
The slideshow stands at the heart of any truly successful presentation. Whether you’re pitching a million-dollar deal to your bosses with PowerPoint, trying to convince your team to work harder, or simply showing off your earnings to a jealous friend, having a captivating and compelling slideshow filled with interesting and unique graphics is the key to success.
The only problem is that creating great slides from scratch is a pain, and it’s also incredibly time-consuming. 
 offers unlimited access to a massive trove of over 15,000 presentation template slides, and right now a Lifetime Subscription is available for over 95 percent off its usual price at just $29.99.
Whether you’re a seasoned business executive who wants to free up some precious time or an established presentation guru who simply wants to focus more on text as opposed to visuals, this subscription will inevitably make your life much easier.
This subscription lets you browse through and select more than 15,000 slides for popular programs like PowerPoint, Keynote, and Google Slides, and you’ll have unlimited access to a wide range of categories ranging from still images to complex and vivid infographics.
You’ll be able to choose from modern designs while enjoying unlimited downloads, easy editing procedures, and a variety of pre-made presentation templates that can be used for planning, business presentations, infographic placement, and much more.
Used by heavy-hitting companies like 
, Samsung, Deloitte, and Nike, this service also lets you edit and tailor your presentation to fit your unique audience — through a series of powerful yet simple editing tools that help ensure no presentation will be monotonous or predictable.
Increase your productivity and save time on every important presentation with a lifetime subscription to Slideshop. Usually priced at over $2,500, a Lifetime Subscription is available for 
 — over 95 percent off MSRP for a limited time.
Encrypted email startup ProtonMail is making it easier for users to import their emails from other providers, in a move that could help stoke use of ProtonMail’s service. Additionally, the company will also enable users to back up their emails locally by exporting them to their hard drive.
The Swiss firm has introduced a new Import-Export tool for 
 and 
 machines, though it will be available only to those on a paid plan for the initial beta phase.
ProtonMail, for the uninitiated, 
, meaning nobody can intercept and read their emails — not even ProtonMail. Though it does offer a free tier, that comes with major restrictions across storage and folder support, among other areas. People can pay from $5 to $30 a month to increase their available features.
Above: ProtonMail: Pricing
Many of the major technology companies have been elevated into the limelight in recent times over their treatment of user data, including Facebook and the mighty Google, which operates the omnipresent Gmail. While Gmail used to serve advertisements based on the content of emails, it stopped doing so 
, but 
 that some third-party developers still have API access to Gmail messages.
Such stories underpin ProtonMail’s core selling point: “Your emails are safe with us” is the general idea.
The company claims it has garnered more than 5 million users since launch a few years ago. However, one of the inherent hurdles for users in terms of switching email providers is that they may have a decade or more worth of messages in other accounts; leaving all that behind is a big decision, and one, ultimately, that many will decide against.
Allowing people to import their emails from other services represents a notable evolution for ProtonMail, as it removes a big barrier for full adoption. Even if someone is already using ProtonMail, they will likely have at least one other legacy email account that they keep for various reasons. And many may have avoided jumping ship from Gmail simply due to the hassle of starting anew elsewhere.
It’s worth noting here that 
 as well, so being able to mass export / import emails will be a big selling point beyond the consumer realm.
Above: ProtonMail: Import-Export
The Import-Export app works with any email service that supports IMAP, including Gmail, Yahoo, and Outlook, though you may have to 
 settings to allow IMAP access.
Though this tool is only available for those on paid plans for now, it’s clearly in ProtonMail’s interests to open up access to free users too — after all, it wants as many people as possible to make the jump from Gmail and elsewhere. However, it said that it’s limiting access for now so that its servers don’t become overloaded.
“At ProtonMail, our mission is to make email privacy and security accessible to everyone,” the company said in a 
. “As some users have pointed out, the decision to make the Import-Export app available only to paying users seems to conflict with our mission. We will update the community with more information about the possible expansion of this feature.”
Alexa’s getting a bit smarter, courtesy of Wolfram Alpha. Amazon today announced that its cross-platform assistant will integrate with Wolfram Research’s computational knowledge engine to answer math- and science-related questions.
“We rolled out an Alexa Q&A integration with Wolfram Alpha to U.S. customers, which expands Alexa’s capabilities to answer more questions related to mathematics, science, astronomy, engineering, geography, history, and more,” an Amazon spokesperson told VentureBeat. “Information curated by Wolfram Alpha has rolled out to select customers and will continue to roll out over the coming weeks and months.”
When it arrives on Alexa-enabled smart speakers and displays, you’ll be able to ask questions like “Alexa, what is the billionth prime number?” and “Alexa, how high do swans fly?”
Here are a few additional queries Wolfram Alpha will step in to handle:
Wolfram Alpha, which launched in May 2009, is based on Wolfram Research’s flagship platform Wolfram Mathematica, and pulls in data from a bevy of third-party sources such as the CIA’s 
, the United States Geological Survey, Chambers Biographical Dictionary, Dow Jones, the Catalogue of Life, CrunchBase, Best Buy, the FAA, Facebook accounts, and more.
Amazon has made a concerted effort this year to supply Alexa with new data sources, following analyses showing that it lags behind other intelligent assistants in its ability to answer questions. In an 
 conducted by Loup Ventures this month, Google Assistant was able to answer 88 percent of 800 questions correctly versus Apple’s Siri at 75 percent, Alexa at 73 percent, and Cortana at 63 percent. (Alexa, notably, showed an improvement of 11.6 percentage points from a July test.)
This summer, Amazon began sourcing hours of operation, descriptions, and addresses from 
, a digital knowledge management platform that counts Taco Bell, Arby’s, Marriott, and Rite Aid among its clients. December saw the launch of 
, an invitation-only program that allows people to submit answers to questions that, if approved, are distributed to the millions of Alexa users around the world. And in August, Amazon launched 
, a feature that pings users who ask a question the assistant is unable to answer with a notification when Alexa “learns” the answer.
Meanwhile, 
 — an attempt to make exchanges with Alexa more conversational — were announced earlier this year.
“Our vision has always been that Alexa will be able to answer all questions in all forms, from anywhere in the world,” Bill Barton, vice president of Amazon’s Alexa division, wrote in a 
 in December.
‘s coffers just got bigger, as its parent company has raised an additional $46 million in venture capital, in addition to the 
 in crowdfunding it has brought in over the past five years from 2.2 million fans. On top of that, it’s also releasing its financial history and announcing that its science fiction game, Squadron 42, will launch in the summer 2020.
It is perhaps the most extraordinary release of information about a major game in progress that I have ever seen, driven in part by regulations in the United Kingdom as well as the company’s own desire to be transparent with and crowdfunding participants who want more information. All for a game that creator 
 says he always wanted to create. This data is exactly what I wished I had when I was assessing the 
.
The CEO of Cloud Imperium Games and 
, Roberts said in an interview with GamesBeat that the funding for Cloud Imperium Group comes from 
(his “family office”) and Keith Calder’s Snoot Entertainment, who are well-known figures in the United Kingdom music business. Under the deal, the investors will own 10 percent of Cloud Imperium, and Roberts will still retain control of the company and hold 75 percent ownership. The post-money valuation of the company is $496 million. Not many game companies ever get to this kind of valuation, especially those that haven’t yet released a game.
The result is a remarkable amount of transparency behind one of the biggest projects under way in the game industry, and it is fitting as fans, crowdfunders, and skeptics have been asking more information from Cloud Imperium Games for a while. Roberts said he believed the best strategy is to be as transparent as possible with fans.
Above: Rich Hilleman, director of PMT at Amazon Games, and Chris Roberts of Roberts Space Industries talked about tech’s effect on gaming worlds such as Star Citizen at GamesBeat Summit 2017.
“We’re open. We’re public. We’re committed to spending all the money we bring in on development,” Roberts said. “We’ve told everyone on our backer side that the money we raise dictates the level of development spending and scope of what we’re trying to do with Star Citizen. So we’ve long debated — we’re already showing part of the picture, so why don’t we just show it all? We’re already open with how we’re developing it. In some ways we’ve had this internal debate for quite a few years. Why don’t we just publish the consolidated global numbers like you would as a public company so our backers can see where the money goes?”
While Roberts can use the new funds as he wishes, the whole point of raising more money is to develop full marketing campaigns for the launch of the first game in the Star Citizen universe, the single-player Squadron 42 that finally has a launch window. Star Citizen is the larger persistent multiplayer universe, where players can explore worlds and plunder other players as pirates in the science fiction world.
Both are extremely ambitious games.
“The goal of Squadron has always been to have you as the player feel like you’re living this huge science fiction event movie,” Roberts said. “You’re emotionally connected to it. There’s a level of performance from the various characters around you that gives a human connection and an emotion that potentially you haven’t seen or had before in most games. We’re trying our best to push the tech in terms of bringing the actors in — their likeness, their performance, how they fluidly behave. People have seen some of this stuff in prerendered cinematics, but I don’t think anyone’s played it in a game where it’s all fluidly happening around you — where it’s gameplay, but it’s of a cinematic quality.”
Above: Cloud Imperium’s headcount history. The company now has 520 people.
Cloud Imperium Games confirmed that it has 520 people working on the overall Star Citizen universe, compared to 464 in 2017 and just 13 people in 2012, when the project was in its infancy. Details were not released for 2018, which hasn’t ended yet, but Roberts said that the year has been the company’s best ever, with more revenue coming in for the early access version of Star Citizen than ever before.
These details are crucial in part because the fans have sometimes wavered. Rumors were rampant at various points in the game’s history that Cloud Imperium was about to run out of money, largely because it reportedly spent a lot more than it brought in through crowdfunding. But a report signed by Cloud Imperium chief financial officer Simon Elms says that the company’s auditors have approved the information released, which has been described in as easy a way possible, Elms said.
As for the complaints, Roberts said it is a work in progress.
“A fair amount of our backers totally get that,” he said. “They’re cool with that. I think there is some subset of people in the gaming world that don’t quite understand that yet about Star Citizen. They look at it through this lens of, ‘Is it released yet?’ Which is a bit different to us. We’re in this weird early access phase where people are playing and doing stuff, but we’re still wiping the database now and then, doing new releases, changing functionality, and rebalancing stuff.”
Above: Cloud Imperium’s crowdfunding history.
As far as worker numbers go, the chart below shows that headcount in the U.S. — primarily in Austin, Texas, where the company is based — was the largest percentage within the company from 2012 to 2014. But starting in 2015, the headcount in the rest of the world — primarily in the United Kingdom — became the largest block of employees. The company continues to add people as it nears the launch of Squadron 42. Revenues have come in over the years in the form of presales of games, which means players are paying now for games they will play in the future. Every day, new money comes in through presales. The trick is to not spend ahead of that money.
“Our approach was that we wanted to — the money we’re bringing from crowdfunding, we’re committed to spending on the game and development,” Roberts said. “If we saw a change in that velocity or trajectory of the revenue coming in, we would make an adjustment on our internal development spending. We have a few levers to pull, but we’ve been pretty steady as we’ve gone along. We felt comfortable in our planning on that.”
The new investment was made equally into each side of the Cloud Imperium Group (including both the U.S. and U.K.). Roberts said this all funding round allows the company to dedicated most of its pledge money to development, publishing, and community engagement. Meanwhile, the new round will be used to prepare marketing campaigns for the launch of Squadron 42.
Above: Cloud Imperium’s costs
Roberts said that two new board members, Dan Offner, on behalf of the investors; and Eli Klein, as an adviser to the company, have joined the boards of Cloud Imperium UK and Cloud Imperium US. Yet Roberts said he retains full control of the board and group (the umbrella company).
During 2018, Cloud Imperium released into 
, Hurston, in the overall Star Citizen universe. It also released areas in the multiplayer game known as the landing zone, Lorville, four new moons, 32 new flyable ships, and other updates. The 
 also added Object Container Streaming (OCS), which is a piece of technology that had been in the works for four years. OCS improves the frames per second, allowing for a faster graphical experience for players. It takes advantage of the available central processing unit (CPU) power, resulting in frame rates in the triple digits. One of the keys to the experience is that players will reportedly never have to see a loading screen, even as them move from space to the surface of a planet.
“People don’t always appreciate how much work and effort it takes to make the modern game, where everyone expects this total detail and fidelity,” Roberts said. “People will complain that we’re taking it too long, but the flip side is, ‘Well, what about this beautiful snow simulation? Why don’t you have what this game is doing? You should do it exactly like that!’ We all want to do that too, but it takes time and effort.”
Roberts also released a public roadmap for the remaining development targets for Squadron 42. That will allow fans to track the game’s progress toward completion.
Above: The Squadron 42 roadmap
“When we started the campaign for Star Citizen and Squadron 42, I said that the crowdfunding would go towards development of the game,” Roberts said.
He noted that the marketing expense will be big because Cloud Imperium’s games will be going up against other Triple-A games that have tens of millions of dollars in advertising campaigns behind them. Other developers tackle this problem by partnering with a publisher for the marketing and sales of the game, but that results in putting the game’s destiny in the hands of a third party, Roberts said. And he doesn’t favor that.
Roberts said the company turned away from traditional private equity and venture capital — two of the most common sources of big capital — because of concerns about whether they truly understood what the company’s long-term goals were, and how those were more important than short-term profits.
In the process, Roberts said he met 
 (a billionaire) and his son Keith, who have both been interested in the confluence of entertainment with the ability to directly connect with an audience online. Clive Calder founded the most successful independent music company, Zomba, which was home to some of the biggest music acts in the world. Keith Calder is an independent film producer: his Snoot Entertainment’s most recent films are the critically acclaimed 
 and the Academy Award nominated 
.
During their first meeting, Roberts said that Clive Calder talked about how he wished that Zomba had ways to bypass the media gatekeepers in the same way that Roberts had done through crowdfunding. That wasn’t possible 15 years ago, but Roberts said that Clive Calder’s views indicated he would be sympathetic to the need to focus on long-term development and patience. Roberts said the investment helps secure his company’s independence.
Among the details in the report: U.S. contractor costs for game developers fell from a high of $8.8 million in 2014, down to only $300,000 in 2017. That reflected the shift of work to overseas locations as well as the conversion of contractors to full-time employees. Costs in areas of operations — such as online service, customer support, marketing, and servers (which number in the hundreds on Amazon Web Services), rose to $7.1 million in 2017. That cost will continue to rise.
Elms said in his report that the accounting shows that the group is “diligently spending the money we are collecting from our backers and customers on game development and publishing.” Over time, the company has gotten better at scoping the scale of development needed, allowing it to adjust both the timing for the launch and the number of developers on the two games. Elms said the current month is the best the company has ever had in terms of finances.
Roberts joked in our interview, “One problem we have is everyone just looks at the headline. ‘Star Citizen raises $200 million,’ and so they immediately think we’re off on a deserted island sipping piña coladas on the back of our super-yacht. … I can’t go and buy myself a $50 million yacht with it.”
Roberts said the team is working hard as the work ramps up.
Above: Nox’s race across Yela in Star Citizen.
“No one wants to make an OK game. They want to make a great game,” he said. “When they see other games doing cool stuff, developers want to do that too, and that escalates a little bit.”
And of course in our case, because we’re an ongoing open process, as we’re adding stuff people are coming up with suggestions and ideas. A lot of this stuff is really good, and we of course say, “Yes, we’d like to be able to do that.” On the Star Citizen front, we’re applying a different approach, which is more like — we treat ourselves like a live game. We’re constantly trying to improve it, even though we still have loads of features that we’ve committed to and we still need to do. We’ve made the approach of — it’s a kind of live, iterative process that’s ongoing.
Above: Cloud Imperium’s cash position, not counting the new $46 million funding, as of 2017.
While millions of players have already paid for their games, Cloud Imperium is betting that millions more will buy the game once it is completed.
“We obviously anticipate that when Squadron comes out, that’s going to be a big revenue-positive event for us,” Roberts said. “We have a bunch of people who’ve backed for Star Citizen and pledged for Squadron, but that game has potential to reach millions more people than our current base.”
As for the valuation of the company, Roberts said, “We actually did a valuation, an investment bank valuation process. I’m pretty proud that we’ve built a company to this point that’s worth almost half a billion dollars. But I think that if it all works, if Squadron comes out and is big, and then Star Citizen turns into this online universe that people just go to — I’m not going to say it’s World of Warcraft-sized, but it has the potential to be that kind of destination. If it does that, you’re talking about a much bigger number than we’re talking about here.”
Back in July, Loup Ventures published the results of an “
” pitting Google’s Assistant against Apple’s Siri, Amazon’s Alexa, and Microsoft’s Cortana, ranking those four AI systems in descending order of performance when responding to 800 real-world questions. Now the firm is back with an “
” focused on how the same assistants perform through speakers such as Google Home, Apple’s HomePod, and Amazon’s Echo, and the results are somewhat interesting.
As was previously the case, Google Assistant on Home Mini led the group, once again with a 100 percent rate of understanding queries, and this time an 87.9 percent correct answer rate — up from 85.5 percent in the July smartphone test and 81 percent in Loup’s last smart speaker test back in February. Assistant’s responses beat all competitors in four of five categories, namely local, commerce, navigation, and information requests, coming in second place only in “command” requests, with 73 percent accuracy.
Apple’s Siri on HomePod posted strong gains over its middling February performance, but fell short of its July results when tested on an iPhone. Through the speaker, Siri answered 74.6 percent of queries correctly, up from 52.3 percent in February, while understanding queries 99.6 percent of the time. That’s similar to but down somewhat from the July correct answer rate of 78.5 percent achieved through an iPhone in July. Interestingly, Loup notes that Siri passes requests for “basically anything other than music” back to an iOS device for processing. Even so, HomePod led all rivals in the “command” category, with an 85 percent correct response rate.
Once again, Amazon’s Alexa and Microsoft’s Cortana came in third and fourth place, but both showed improvement in correctly answering questions through smart speakers. Alexa via Echo had a 72.5 percent correct response rate, compared with 64 percent via speakers in February and 61.4 percent with phones in July, a gain that placed it nearly neck and neck with the far more expensive HomePod. Cortana through a Harman Kardon Invoke speaker got 63.4 percent of responses correct, up from 57 percent in the February speaker test,and 52.4 percent in the July smartphone test.
According to Loup, proper nouns remain the largest pain point for the speakers, which otherwise comprehend virtually everything a user says to them. Apart from those, however, all of the assistants are making “meaningful” improvements, with Siri seeing gains from adding additional areas of expertise, and Alexa likely benefiting from crowdsourced knowledge such as 
. Several of the AIs have added hooks to enable greater interactions with third-party partners, as well.
While Loup expects to update its smartphone digital assistant findings again in July, it doesn’t expect that the AIs will evolve to correctly answer everything they’re asked — instead, they’ll just be able to do more things, including controlling a wider array of devices, or to offer superior functionality within existing capabilities such as email, calendars, and messaging. At this stage, each improvement adds real value for users, so it’s going to be exciting to see whether the predictions prove correct next year.
 is the biggest crowdfunded video game of all time, with 
 raised over the past five years from 2.2 million fans. But that isn’t quite enough to get the game to market, and so 
, CEO of Cloud Imperium Games and 
, announced today that the company has raised an additional $46 million in venture capital.
The money comes from Clive Calder and Keith Calder’s Snoot Entertainment, a couple of moguls in the United Kingdom music business. Under the deal, they will own 10 percent of Cloud Imperium, and Roberts will still retain control of the company and hold 75 percent ownership. The valuation of the company is $496 million.
In an interview with GamesBeat, Roberts said the money will be used to develop full marketing campaigns for the single-player game Star Citizen and the larger multiplayer sci-fi universe, Star Citizen.
On top of that, Roberts finally said that fans can expect the game to debut in the summer of 2020. And to comply with United Kingdom rules, the company is disclosing its full financial picture for the first time. Roberts is laying bare for all to see the previously secret details like how much money came in via crowdfunding, how much the money the company raised each year through crowdfunding through 2017, and how much the company has spent. At the end of 2017, the team consisted of 464 people. That’s a huge project.
Here’s an edited transcript of our interview.
Above: Chris Roberts is CEO of Cloud Imperium Games, maker of Star Citizen.
 [
] I’m working hard on that one. I think you’ll like Squadron 42. That one’s going to be pretty special. It’s taking a bit of time, but unfortunately in today’s world, with the detail and all the rest of the stuff you have to put into it, it takes a lot longer than it used to in the ‘90s. But it’s fun, having such powerful technology to create a world. That’s one of the things I liked in Red Dead Redemption 2. They spent a lot of effort on creating the world and did a really good job of it.
 I know! I saw your article talking about the budget and the mechanics, the amount of people they have. I know how much we spend and how many people we’ve had over time. I was thinking that 
 were probably closer to the truth than 
, when Take-Two was pushing back and saying, “We didn’t spend that much on it!” [Editor’s note: Take-Two did not push back on our report].
 I’d guess what they did was, in the early days, had 100, 200, and then it slowly ramped up. In the last two, maybe three years you’d be in the thousands. They have a lot of content in that game.
I think they have more in the U.S. than we do, but they have a pretty big studio up in Scotland, which isn’t far from our U.K. studio where we have about 270 people. We don’t have nearly as many people as Rockstar does, and we probably pay slightly less than them, but I don’t think we’re too far apart. Our internal costs, I wouldn’t say they’re too far different from theirs. They’ve probably got more established people in the U.S. studios that get paid more, and of course they have Grand Theft Auto and all that stuff that’s been doing well. I’m sure they pay some bonuses on that. Squadron’s not out yet, and Star Citizen is still in a pre-alpha early access state, so we’re not handing out big bonuses to anyone yet. We’re spending it all on development.
But yeah, this stuff is always interesting. People don’t always appreciate how much work and effort it takes to make the modern game, where everyone expects this total detail and fidelity. People will complain that we’re taking it too long, but the flip side is, “Well, what about this beautiful snow simulation? Why don’t you have what this game is doing? You should do it exactly like that!” We all want to do that too, but it takes time and effort.
Gamers see something out there and want it like that, but then they also want it as quickly as possible. There’s always a bit of conflict that comes from that.
Above: Star Citizen is going to be a big universe.
 Oh, yeah. Anyone that’s making a game — all the developers I know, they’re not doing it to punch a time clock. You could probably make better money in business software. But they love making games. No one wants to make an okay game. They want to make a great game. When they see other games doing cool stuff, developers want to do that too, and that escalates a little bit.
And of course in our case, because we’re an ongoing open process, as we’re adding stuff people are coming up with suggestions and ideas. A lot of this stuff is really good, and we of course say, “Yes, we’d like to be able to do that.” On the Star Citizen front, we’re applying a different approach, which is more like — we treat ourselves like a live game. We’re constantly trying to improve it, even though we still have loads of features that we’ve committed to and we still need to do. We’ve made the approach of — it’s a kind of live, iterative process that’s ongoing.
A fair amount of our backers totally get that. They’re cool with that. I think there is some subset of people in the gaming world that don’t quite understand that yet about Star Citizen. They look at it through this lens of, “Is it released yet?” Which is a bit different to us. We’re in this weird early access phase where people are playing and doing stuff, but we’re still wiping the database now and then, doing new releases, changing functionality, and rebalancing stuff.
We’re in this neverland spot, which is, I would say — it’s not completely new to the business. Other people, like DayZ or even Minecraft in the early days, were in a similar status. But it is a newer way of doing stuff compared to the old way, where we did it shut away from everyone until it was finished and went out to the public.
 We’re split between the U.K. operation, which handles the rest of the world, and the U.S. operation, which handles North America. There are two Cloud Imperium entities. In the U.K., even if you’re a private company, you have to post your financials and board of directors and everything on Companies House, which is this U.K. regulatory body. We’ve been doing that for quite a few years.
Obviously in the U.S. you don’t need to do that, but we’ve always — since we’re so open, so public, there’s always a lot of — every time we post every year on Companies House, there’s always debate. People are trying to do the back-of-the-napkin math. “How much are they spending? Do they have enough money to finish the game?” There’s a lot of financial forensics happening.
We’re open. We’re public. We’re committed to spending all the money we bring in on development. We’ve told everyone on our backer side that the money we raise dictates the level of development spending and scope of what we’re trying to do with Star Citizen. So we’ve long debated–we’re already showing part of the picture, so why don’t we just show it all? We’re already open with how we’re developing it. In some ways we’ve had this internal debate for quite a few years. Why don’t we just publish the consolidated global numbers like you would as a public company so our backers can see where the money goes?
Above: Nox’s race across Yela in Star Citizen.
One problem we have is everyone just looks at the headline. “Star Citizen raises $200 million,” and so they immediately think we’re off on a deserted island sipping pina coladas on the back of our super-yacht. We have 500-odd people in five studios spread around the world and it costs money to run an operation like that. The money we bring goes all into development. So we said, “Maybe if we’re just open about it and show the financials people will understand that.” Of course there will probably still be some people that won’t, but we can’t do anything about that.
That was the impetus for sharing the financials with the community. It’s something we’ve discussed internally for a long time, just because we feel like we owe it to everybody who’s supported us. We’re open about development, so why not be open about the other stuff?
Artificial intelligence (AI) and art are less diametrically opposed than you might think. Already, in fact, autonomous systems are working in lockstep with artists to 
, 
, and 
. And now, a software developer has harnessed AI’s generative powers to manipulate contrast, color, and other attributes in images.
Holly Grimm, a graduate of OpenAI’s Scholar program, 
 her work in a preprint paper published on Arxiv.org (“
“).
The foundation of Grimm’s AI model is a generative adversarial network (GAN), a two-part neural net consisting of a data-producing generator and a discriminator — the latter of which attempts to distinguish between the generator’s synthetic samples and real-world samples. Grimm selected CycleGAN, a relatively recently demonstrated approach to learning transformations between two image distributions, as her architecture of choice.
“CycleGAN’s image-to-image translation takes one of set of images and tries to make it look like another set of images,” Grimm explains in a blog post. “The training data is unpaired, meaning there doesn’t need to be an exact one-to-one match between images in the dataset. This [GA] has been used … to make horses look like zebras and apples look like oranges.”
To craft her model, Grimm fed a ResNet50 algorithm trained on the open source ImageNet database, and combined it with a CycleGAN algorithm trained on 500 images from visual art encyclopedia WikiArt’s “apple2orange” dataset. The resulting system, which she dubbed “Art Composition Attributes Network,” or ACAN, learned to produce photos while varying eight different compositional attributes: texture, shape, size, color, contrast, repetition, primary color, and color harmony.
Above: Image reconstructions performed by the AI model.
In tests, ACAN managed to successfully translate images with primarily orange colors to new ones with complementary colors blue and cyan, and from other images abstracted form, color, and texture. In some generated samples, objects in the reconstructed photos bore little resemblance to those in the source images — the result of tweaks made to contrast, size, and shape.
“Even with a small sample size of 500 images, the CycleGAN with help from the ACAN appears to have been able to distinguish between eight art compositional attributes,” Grimm wrote.
She leaves to future work techniques like attribute activation mapping, which uses a heat map to highlight elements of the images and reveal what the network “sees” for each attribute, and color harmony embeddings, which might help the neural net to learn associations between colors on the color wheel.
OpenAI’s Scholars program, which graduated its first class in September, is open to “people from groups underrepresented in the field,” the organization says. OpenAI, which is based in San Francisco and backed by Elon Musk, Reid Hoffman, and Peter Thiel, among other tech luminaries, plans to release a case study on the first cohort in upcoming months to “help other[s] roll out similar initiatives at their own companies.”
Earlier this year, business communication service Slack began to 
 in Syria, Iran, and select other 
 to comply with U.S. regulations. This week, the company has broadened the scope of the ban by blocking some users if they have moved from or visited any of the sanctioned nations in recent years.
The company began to face a backlash early today after several users complained that their Slack accounts had been deactivated and that they never received a formal warning from the company. Part of the problem, as Sarah Shugars, a PhD candidate at Network Science Institute at Northeastern University, 
, is that some users have been blocked even if they have been living in the United States for a number of years.
In a statement to VentureBeat, Slack said it prohibits “unauthorized Slack use in Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and the Crimea region of Ukraine,” in compliance with the directives from the 
, the 
, and the 
.
This is either incompetence or racism. 
 what is your excuse for this? 
 officially has broken the seal on wide-scale use of its 
. Downloads for November were 4,566,013. That’s double 
. Once again, free content was a major driver for that growth. But that huge influx of players to the store could spill over into real purchases — especially considering what is launching in Minecraft just in time for the year-end holidays.
Beginning today, December 20, The Minecraft Team is launching the Season of Giving event. Only it is Microsoft, Mojang, and its creator partners doing the giving. As part of this celebration, you will get a bunch of in-game content for free.
Holiday events are turning into a bigger tradition in video games. A big reason for that is that developers that run games as services want to engage with players who are spending Christmas playing on their new consoles, laptops, smartphones, and TVs. For years now, mobile games have capitalized on that by releasing content just in time for December 25. And now Minecraft and Fortnite are doing the same on console and PC.
The Season of Giving freebies include a new adventure map from the creation team Gamemode One called Catastrophic Pandamonium. While that might sound like a disaster, I encourage you to notice the puns. CATastrophic PANDAmonium is indeed a showcase for the cat and panda animal creatures that got an update (cats) or debuted (pandas) in the latest patch.
But Catastrophic Pandamonium isn’t the only gift The Minecraft Team has in store for you. You can also get special discounts as part of a holiday deals promotion that is running through January 3.
Above: Gifts are only available for a limited time.
Finally, on Christmas Day, the Minecraft Marketplace is getting a free Winter Gifts Bundle with plenty of extra goods.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
 has agreed to acquire the Helsinki-based mobile game maker 
, the creator of the hit title 
. Zynga will pay $560 million in cash and stock for 80 percent of the company, and the rest will come later.
It’s the biggest deal since Zynga acquired CSR Racing maker NaturalMotion for $527 million in 2014. And it reflects the strategy of CEO Frank Gibeau to grow during an age of mobile gaming consolidation through both the creation of new games and acquisitions.
Back in May, 
 1010 mobile game maker 
 for $250 million in cash plus other considerations. That was preceded by Zynga’s 2017 purchase of assets, including a casual game studio Peak Games, another Istanbul-based game studio, for 
.
The deal will close on January 1, pending various approvals. To put the purchase price in perspective, the amount is larger than the $494 million 
, which is making the Star Citizen and Squadron 42 games, which hold the record for the highest crowd-funded games in history. While Cloud Imperium has 520 employees making its triple-A games, Small Giant Games has just 47. That means Zynga is paying at least $11.9 million per Small Giant Games employee.
“I’ll take our 47 Finns,” Gibeau said in an interview with GamesBeat. “The Finns have small teams that are very skillful. What they have accomplished with Empires & Puzzles is phenomenal.”
Above: Timo Soininen (left) of Small Giant Games and Dean Takahashi of GamesBeat at Casual Connect Europe.
Zynga is buying the company because it has a hit game which has been downloaded more than 24 million times in the past 18 months and has broken into the top 10 grossing games on iOS and Android. That’s a remarkable result for the first game from Small Giant Games, which Timo Soininen cofounded in 2013. He previously the CEO of Habbo Hotel, an early hit online game.
Small Giant Games is expected to contribute to Zynga’s growth in 2019. Empires & Puzzles game successfully blends approachable match-3 battles with deeper gameplay elements including Hero Collection, Base Building and Social Alliances.
“Our studio was founded on the idea that small, skillful teams can accomplish giant things, and I am confident that partnering with Zynga is the right next step in our evolution,” said Soininen in a statement. “We will now operate as a separate studio within Zynga, maintaining our identity, culture and creative independence. By leveraging the expertise and support from the wider Zynga team, we will amplify the reach of Empires & Puzzles and the new games in our development pipeline.”
Above: Empires & Puzzles has match-3 gameplay.
In terms of details, Zynga will acquire 80 percent of Small Giant for $560 million, made up of approximately $330 million in cash and $230 million of unregistered Zynga common stock (issued at the average closing price per share over the thirty-day trading period ended December 19, 2018). The final upfront transaction consideration will also include customary closing adjustments and will be partially funded by a newly established $200 million revolving credit facility.
Zynga will purchase the remaining 20 percent of Small Giant over the next three years at valuations based on specified profitability goals. Gibeau said that represents an “earnout,” or a way to retain the employees of Small Giant Games with the potential of a bigger payday down the road.
Small Giant Games had bookings last year of $190 million, which would put it just behind Zynga’s own Words With Friends in terms of revenue generation.
“It’s already at scale, profitable, growing, with fantastic engagement metrics,” Gibeau said. “People play it and they keep on playing. The team has great talent.”
Empires & Puzzles also gets Zynga to new users, as more of Empires & Puzzle audience is on Android and 60 percent of its revenues are outside the U.S., Gibeau said.
“From our perspective, it really checked the boxes,” he said.
Over time, Zynga will contribute its own live operations expertise and help take the game into Asia.
Separately, Zynga is raising its fourth quarter 2018 guidance based on the strong performance of holiday bold beats across its live service portfolio — in particular, Words With Friends, Merge Dragons! and CSR2. In addition, Wonka’s World of Candy is off to a promising start since its launch in early November.
This performance does not include any contributions from Small Giant yet. Small Giant Games 
 in February, making it one of the rare mobile game studios to be able to raise a large round of money in a mature mobile gaming market. The Small Giants Games investors include EQT Ventures, Creandum, Spintop Ventures, and Profounders. Gibeau said they requested to be paid in Zynga stock out of confidence in Zynga’s future.
“We have hit our margins, gross revenue goals, and are fundamentals are good,” Gibeau said. “The turnaround is over and it’s all about growth. We are layering in new themes and products as opposed to just trying to fix things. It is emotionally and culturally exciting for the company.”
After a long interruption, 
 have restarted licensing of mobile games, according to market researcher 
.
In a tweet, 
 said that the stock price of Tencent, the world’s largest game company, saw its stock price rise.
Chinese regulators have restarted game licensing! First games were announced and Tencent’s stock price is climbing quickly!! 
— Niko Partners (@nikochina) 
That’s good news for game companies around the world, as China’s regulators have been stalling for months on new game approvals. Developers around the world complained about the shutdown of certification of new games in China. By law, the Chinese government has to approve every game released in the country.
Previously, the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film, and Television approved games. But it spun off a new group called the State Administration of Radio and TV, which has taken over the game licensing. Another agency, the Ministry of Culture has been approving games since March. But it takes both agencies to get approval, and that has taken months to happen.
Below is a tweet showing stock prices rising for game companies.
https://twitter.com/nikochina/status/1075961281042014208
In past years, Apple released bi-annual “
” to detail the personal data requests it has 
 around the world. Today, the company has upped the ante with an upgraded 
 of its 
 (via 
), clearly separating key request statistics for dozens of countries while offering individual report links for each of them.
At a glance, the new Transparency Report enables users to see how many requests a government has made across four categories: “Device,” “Account,” “Financial Identifier,” and “Emergency.” Device is generally used by law enforcement officials to help locate lost or stolen devices; Account seeks a user’s basic account information or content; Financial Identifier is for suspected fraudulent credit, debit, or gift card transactions; and Emergency is for situations involving imminent danger to a person.
The individual country reports go into considerable detail regarding requests, with the 
 discussing everything from specific types of legal process to general notes on the nature of government inquiries. Yearly and biannual 
 are also included.
Not surprisingly, the trends over time show an increased number of requests, as well as a generally increased number of cases in which Apple has provided the data requested. As of the last reporting period, Apple provided data for 3,185 cases — 80 percent of the requested number — up from 2,182 in the comparable year-ago period. You can see the details for your own country 
.
, and the number of freelancers who can do their most important client work while sipping coffee in their undies (or vintage weekend wear) is increasing. That’s because getting to work without getting dressed might be the number-one best part of being a freelancer. Of course, the second-best thing is getting paid for all the hard work without ever having to leave home.
But there’s a downside even to the sweet, sweet cash that comes with every completed assignment: the need to keep track of invoices, expenses, and payments. It’s the kind of drudgery that’s easy to ignore when you’re racing to meet crazy deadlines, and it can come back to bite you at tax time when you can’t deduct everything you actually qualify for, among many other headaches.
And if you’re a small business owner? Multiply that risk across many other areas. But yes, Virginia. There is a cloud app for that.
Invoicely is a fully-featured suite of invoicing and accounting tools for freelancers and small businesses, with a baseline price of free, and a really robust lineup of tools even at that no-dollars price point.
Here’s a look at what you get, and how you get it.
The free plan gives you unlimited invoices, lets you accept PayPal payments that can be made right from the invoice even on mobile, and gives you the ability to switch between your businesses. You can only save 10 items at a time, and Invoicely branding will be appended to every invoice, but sending them out is just a matter of a handful of clicks and a little bit of data entry, from a central, easy-to-use dashboard that couldn’t be more streamlined.
And it’s a small world after all for Invoicely: users can specify the country in which they’re operating as well as the default currency. There’s even a real-time currency conversion feature. powered by currencylayer, which automatically translates costs wherever you’re sending your invoice in the world, based on current exchange rates.
When you level up to the Basic plan, the Invoicely branding disappears, as does the limitation on your saved items, and a second user gets added on to your dashboard. But then there’s also the ability to track your bills and set up estimates, start tracking your time and expenses, and generate recurring statements. Taxes, discounts, and shipping costs are automatically added to your totals at either invoice or individual line item level.
You also get to start accepting credit cards and ACH transfers, at a nominal charge for each: 2.9 percent and 30 cents per transaction for credit or debit card charges, and 0.8 percent on ACH transfers, with a $5 cap on the charge.
With the highest tiers, it’s all about scale. You get ten team members with Professional, and Enterprise gives access to up to 25. There’s also a custom domain for your business, which means in-app emails also come from that domain.
Invoicely starts with a dashboard with all the information you need and all your destinations easily at hand. You get a rundown of your invoice status, how many customers you have inputted, how much you have invoiced versus how much you have received with the dashboard’s Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable tables.
You can also view detailed reports of your  invoicing, billing, and payment activity and be able to backtrace every step.
You’re linked to options to run reports, create an invoice or an estimate, manage your clients, input bills, track your task time, and enter expenses and mileage. All of these options can be run as reports and be converted by a single click into invoices and bills, or be exported as PDF, .xls, and .csv files.
That means you can stay on track with your finances with monthly, yearly, and customizable summaries on your earnings and expenses, invoices, estimates and bills.
You can start with the free plan and get started right away, but you can upgrade, downgrade, and cancel anytime, as well as change your payment frequency at any time and however many times you like. A credit card isn’t necessary – when you upgrade, you can just add your billing details through your account dashboard.
Since it’s a web-based application, Invoicely can be used on any device with an internet connection, which means it’s nicely Mac and PC agnostic. And to keep your data secure, the company uses 256-bit HTTPS encrypted server systems, which enables the syncing of your private invoicing data to the cloud. And for questions, concerns, or tech help, the company is available by email.
Invoicely currently has over 100,000 subscribers worldwide, and to date, 5,406,255 invoices have been sent via the app. Their blog features a ton of resources for the crafty freelancer or small business owner, beginner to advanced, and they’re always looking for new customer success stories.
To get started, just head over to 
.
Google has 
 further details about its plans to sunset the consumer version of Google+.
The internet giant has revealed that all Google+ APIs and integrations will be closed down permanently on March 7, 2019. However, the closure will happen gradually, beginning January 28, which means developers (and thus users of their apps) will likely begin to encounter issues from that point on.
This move includes the Google+ Sign-in system, which will also be fully shuttered from March 7. Google is recommending that developers migrate their in-app authentication to the main Google Sign-in incarnation by the end of January.
The closure will also impact all web and mobile app integrations, including plugins, +1 buttons, and share buttons, which will all cease working on that date.
By way of a quick recap, Google launched Google+ way back in 2011 with the intention of unseating Facebook. However, 
, and the company 
 that it was killing Google+ after a major security vulnerability was found. The original intention was to shutter Google+ in August, 2019; however, earlier this month another security issue emerged that potentially impacted 52.5 million users, forcing the company to 
.
Google had already revealed that the Google+ APIs would be shuttered within 90 days, but developers now have a concrete date as they work to ensure all relevant Google+ code is removed from their websites and apps.
March is going to be a busy month for Google, which is pulling the plug on a number of properties that month, including 
, its 
, and the 
.
From what we can tell, Google+ will still exist for consumers until April, but with all backend functionality dead it probably won’t offer a very lively experience. It’s worth noting here that 
 in the enterprise as part of G Suite.
      
    
  
KFAR-SABA, Israel & ALISO VIEJO, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 21, 2018–
      CathWorks announced today that its FFRangio
 System received       United States Food & Drug Administration (FDA) 510(k) clearance. The       FFRangio system demonstrated accuracy versus the invasive FFR wire in a       blinded comparative study, FAST-FFR. The results of the FAST-FFR pivotal       study were used to establish substantial equivalence of the FFRangio       system.    
      The CathWorks FFRangio
 System quickly and precisely delivers       the objective FFR guidance needed to optimize PCI therapy decisions.       FFRangio is derived from routine X-rays acquired during a diagnostic       angiogram procedure, is non-invasive and performed intra-procedurally       during coronary angiography, eliminating additional clinical risk, time       and cost associated with invasive FFR. FFRangio provides a 3D       reconstruction of the entire coronary tree with FFR values along each       vessel.    
      Jim Corbett, CathWorks CEO said, “The FDA clearance of CathWorks       FFRangio is a significant milestone for interventional cardiologists and       the healthcare system overall. It is the first non-invasive device of       its kind to receive FDA clearance for use during Percutaneous Coronary       Intervention (PCI) assessment. The FAST-FFR study was carried out at 10       centers world-wide and evaluated more than 380 patients. The study       demonstrated the clinical predictive value across a full range of       coronary physiology, including complex lesion assessment in bifurcations       and calcified lesions. FAST-FFR also demonstrated that the FFRangio       system could perform non-invasive, objective, multi-vessel, physiologic       measurements to support PCI decision making.”    
      Dr. Ifat Lavi, CathWorks Chief Technology Officer, Guy Lavi, CathWorks       President, and Prof. Ran Kornowski, Chairman of Cardiology at Rabin       Medical Center in Israel, invented the CathWorks technology and founded       the company six years ago. Following the 510(k) clearance, Dr. Kornowski       commented, “When we first collaborated, we were trying to solve a real       dilemma that interventional cardiologists faced. Doctors knew that       conventional FFR provided valuable objective data, but that came with       the cost, risk, and time, that ultimately restricted adoption. With the       FDA clearance of CathWorks FFRangio™, we believe that we have       accomplished our goal of providing doctors with objective data to inform       their clinical decision-making without an additional intervention. We       want to express our deep appreciation for the support of our clinical       development partners in Israel, the United States, Europe and Japan in       realizing this goal.”    
      
    
      CathWorks is a medical technology company focused on applying its       advanced computational science platform to optimize PCI therapy       decisions and elevate coronary angiography from visual assessment to an       objective FFR-based decision-making tool for physicians. FFR-guided PCI       decision-making is proven to provide significant clinical benefits for       patients with coronary artery disease and economic benefits for patients       and payers. The company’s focus is specifically on bringing the       CathWorks FFRangio
 System to market to provide quick,       precise, and objective intraprocedural FFR guidance that is practical       for every case. Learn more at cath.works.    


      Jim Corbett, CEO
+1 949.395.1214
    
Technology giants rely heavily on Wikipedia’s extensive database to source information for their platforms. So it’s only fair that they show interest in the long-term sustainability of the online encyclopedia. This week, Facebook made its support official.
The 
 
 late Thursday that Facebook has contributed $1 million to Wikimedia Endowment, a fund to financially support the online encyclopedia and other Wikimedia projects. “We are grateful to Facebook for this support, and hope this marks the beginning of a long-term collaboration to support Wikipedia’s future,” Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales said in a statement.
Founded in 2016, Wikimedia Endowment is designed to support the work that goes on at various Wikimedia projects, ensuring that it remains an independent endeavor. The foundation’s initial goal was to raise $100 million, and to date it has raised 
.
“Through its nearly 18 years of existence, Wikipedia has become a trusted resource for hundreds of millions of people around the world. The Endowment ensures we can protect this incredible resource for knowledge seekers today, but also for generations to come,” said Lisa Gruwell, Wikimedia’s chief advancement officer. “We’re thrilled that Facebook is investing in the long-term future of Wikipedia and free knowledge for everyone.”
Facebook recently introduced a feature that uses Wikipedia’s database to give users more information about the source of an article in their News Feed. And for years Facebook has used Wikipedia to populate pages on its platform.
But tech companies have also been accused of taking Wikipedia 
. This was evident as recently as March, when YouTube announced it would run a snippet of information sourced from Wikipedia under questionable videos on the platform in an attempt to fight the spread of false information. Not only did YouTube not offer Wikipedia any financial support, it 
 regarding what it touted as a partnership between the two. (Google has 
 to the Wikimedia Foundation in the past and remains 
 on the nonprofit’s benefactors page.)
In an opinion piece published in June on 
, Wikimedia Foundation executive director Katherine Maher 
 companies to better support the service. “As companies draw on Wikipedia for knowledge — and as a bulwark against bad information — we believe they too have an opportunity to be generous,” she wrote. “At Wikimedia, we already love and deeply appreciate the millions of people around the world who make generous charitable contributions because they believe in our values. But we also believe that we deserve lasting, commensurate support from the organisations that derive significant and sustained financial value from our work.”
To that end, Amazon, which relies on Wikipedia for information it serves via Alexa, 
 in September that it was donating $1 million to the Endowment. Apple, Qualcomm, Salesforce, Adobe, and Netflix have also contributed to the Wikimedia Foundation via various in-house programs.
: 
Happy holidays! If the new iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch you found under your tree is your first iOS device, this is going to be an especially exciting day for you: You also got the opportunity to start customizing your new phone, tablet, or media player from scratch.
Each of these devices comes with a large collection of pre-installed apps, all developed by Apple — that means they’ve been thoughtfully designed not to waste much space, and there’s no bloatware in the bunch. Many of these apps provide essential functionality, but others are optional and can be deleted if you want to make the most of limited on-device storage.
Having been a day-one user of each of Apple’s iOS devices, I’ve come up with a list of 10 “must-have” apps that are seriously worth installing. In a few cases, I’ve also flagged related or alternative options that might be better for your personal needs. Enjoy!
As crazy as this might sound coming from a long-time Apple user, it’s time to get past the rivalry between Apple and Google to embrace a simple fact: Your iOS device is better off with some of Google’s services. The original iPhone shipped with 
 and 
, both of which remain worthwhile more than 11 years later.
Apple’s iCloud is an expensive way to synchronize your photo library across multiple Apple devices — and unfortunately incompatible with Android and Amazon products. My advice is to use the 
 instead, as it lets you sync photos and videos across iOS, Android, macOS, and Windows devices for free. Once opened, the app automatically uploads your latest photos to Google’s servers, where they’ll be scanned for faces, key objects, text, and other details that will make them easy for you to search anywhere. Consider grabbing Google’s free and useful image editor 
, too.
Streaming video subscription services have become extremely popular over the past five years, enabling users to “cut the cord” with cable packages. There are a half-dozen options out there, but if I had to choose just one as “must-have,” it would be 
, which has a fantastic catalog of TV shows and movies, as well as its own original content. A basic subscription is $8 per month, and worth it.
My wife is also a fan of 
, which focuses largely on just-released TV shows for $8 per month with commercials, or $12 per month without commercials. Amazon Prime subscribers can also get a collection of free videos with the 
 app.
This is the rare “must have” app that you can hide in a folder and revisit only as necessary. As a free download, 
 links your digital movie collections from iTunes, Disney Movies Anywhere, Amazon Prime Video, Walmart’s Vudu, Google Play, Microsoft Movies & TV, Fandango Now, and Comcast’s Xfinity together, enabling you to share 
 your purchased movies across multiple apps.
You might wonder why this matters. One reason: As of press time, linking accounts will net you three free movies (
, 
, and 
). Another reason: Many movies you’ve purchased on other devices will become available in Apple’s free iOS app TV.
Arguably the best reason: Visit 
 
, and you can scan your old DVD and Blu-Ray box barcodes, then pay a small per-disc fee to instantly make them available as digital downloads. If the videos are covered by the Movies Anywhere sharing agreement — most studios are participating — they’ll appear in your iTunes collection at much lower prices than buying the movies from Apple.
Most people use at least one social network. Since Facebook and Instagram are in our iOS app hall of shame (see below), I wouldn’t recommend that you install their apps, though they’re certainly popular. If you’re a fan of Twitter, go straight to Tapbots’ app 
, which is wholly worth the $5 asking price as a better-looking, better-feeling client for Twitter’s service. On the iPad, where 
 is worthless, Tweetbot is a necessity; it’s less so on the iPhone, but still preferable to the ad-laden mess that the Twitter app has become.
One of the most important things I personally do with my iPhone and iPad is canvassing news and other articles published across multiple sites. Apple offers a free iOS app called Apple News, but I prefer to have an unfiltered view of content. Silvio Rizzi’s superb 
 has been the best news aggregator on iOS for years, but it’s on the cusp of moving from 
 to a brand new version 4. You can get Reeder for free before that transition, then buy the new version when it’s released. Expect proper support for the new 11-inch iPad Pro and iPhone XR/XS Max screen sizes when Reeder 4 arrives.
There are thousands of iOS shopping apps out there, and you can hunt for whichever ones match the stores you prefer to patronize. One interesting app I’ve been using recently is 
, which lets you purchase advance movie tickets for most theaters, and pick seats in theaters with reserved seating. Digital tickets can be saved directly in an iPhone’s Wallet for instant use at a theater. While Atom is very similar to better-known rival 
 and complemented by Apple’s 
, I’ve saved money and even earned a free ticket using Atom instead.
Other notable shopping apps you should check out are 
, which lets you comparison-shop flights, hotels, and car rentals, the 
, which offers exclusive “Cartwheel” deals to app users, and apps for national restaurant chains such as 
, which frequently include app-exclusive coupons.
After Amazon released 
, Apple created an app called Books (formerly iBooks) included with every iOS device, and it’s a great way to read everything from paperback-style fiction to textbooks, cookbooks, and comic books. The only problem is that Apple’s Books has its own digital bookstore, where the prices for books are frequently higher than Amazon’s — for no apparent reason, as the books are the same from store to store.
If you purchase your books instead from Amazon’s Kindle store, you can pay less and use them across multiple devices. I wouldn’t say that either company’s app has an edge on overall user experience, but my recommendation would be to go with the more device-compatible shop here.
As a side note for comic book fans with iPads, check out Michael Ferenduros’ app 
, which has all the features you’ll need to transition over to digital comic reading. The $4 “Pro” upgrade with Mac/PC file sharing is worth the price.
One of the handiest apps I’ve kept over the past few years is Readdle’s 
 which turns any iPhone or iPad into a document scanner and fax machine — particularly handy for dealing with businesses, utilities, and government agencies that are somehow still requiring faxes. The $4 app lets your device’s camera make color or black-and-white scans, automatically correcting for distortion and shadows. You can store the images, share them, or pay a small fee to fax them to your chosen phone number. Scanner Pro has been an occasional lifesaver for me, and I’d strongly recommend it if you want to move away from a standalone home scanner.
If you’re reading this article as a first-time iOS user in 2018, there’s a pretty good chance that you don’t already have an Apple TV — Apple’s TV-tethered media player that can also mirror iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch screen content. But if you do, grab Apple’s free 
 app right away. It’s a lot more convenient than hunting for the Siri Remote included with the Apple TV, and has the exact same functionality, plus the ability to turn into a virtual keyboard as necessary. Once downloaded, it integrates directly with the iOS Control Center so it’s always easy to find.
Everyone else, hunt for the app or apps that control your favorite smart devices. 
 lets you control its media players and TCL TVs with integrated Roku support. 
 lets you use its voice Assistant to control compatible devices, including its Home speakers and Home Hub, as well as interfacing with third-party devices including Roku systems. 
 works similarly with the Alexa and Echo ecosystems of devices.
There’s only one “use it once, then delete it” app in this collection, but if you’re just coming to an iPhone or iPad now, you’ll probably find it handy: Apple’s 
. Available in the Google Play Store, Move to iOS exists solely for the purpose of gathering your Android photos, messages, contacts, and other data from an old device, then moving it to your new iPhone or iPad. Once you’ve run it on Android, you can use the iOS device’s “Move Data From Android” feature during the initial setup process, and transfer everything over your wireless network.
Above: Instagram’s webpage looks better on an iPad than does its app, which has never been updated to support Apple’s tablets.
Everyone knows that Facebook had an 
, as it became abundantly clear that the social network has been abusing users’ private data and manipulating their feeds for financial gain. In years past, 
 and its related apps (including Messenger) were must-haves for iOS users, but there’s good reason for this year’s #deletefacebook movement — and I certainly wouldn’t suggest you start using Facebook at this stage if you aren’t already hooked on the service.
Facebook-owned 
 is a somewhat different story. The smaller photo-heavy network doesn’t gather the same breadth or depth of user data as Facebook, and gives users a way to easily share images or videos with friends, family, and followers on an as-wanted basis. But Instagram has stubbornly refused to ever properly support the iPad with an app, an issue that becomes more annoying with every passing year (and ever-larger iPad screens). Using its 
 is a second-rate option.
You’re the one with the new iPad or iPhone, so you can choose whether to install Facebook’s apps on your device. But in light of the latest revelations — and the prospect of more to come in 2019 — my advice is to think carefully before sharing more personal information with that company.
Hot dog: You’re the owner of a Google Home smart speaker. With Google Assistant inside and conversational AI, these speakers can do a great range of things. Here’s 10 worth trying, drawn from VentureBeat coverage over the course of the past year.
For extra tips, check out 
, and this 
.
Before getting into the more dynamic features Google Assistant provides through Home smart speakers, start with the most popular ways people use speakers with intelligent assistants.
So download the Home app, set your location, and ask about the weather forecast. Connect your Spotify, Pandora, iHeartRadio, or other streaming services you like and play some music. Connect your calendar and say “OK, Google, create a new event.”
In the app you’ll also find Voice Match, the service that recognizes 
.
Voice Match makes it possible for Google Home to deliver the right answers when you say “What’s on my to-do list?” or “What’s on my calendar today?”
It’s also a prerequisite for all users under 13 to interact with unique services made especially for kids.
You can also try creating some reminders or a fresh to-do list.
Reminders can either be location-based or time-based so you can say “Hey Google, remind when I get home” or “OK Google, remind me at 2:30 p.m.” You can also ask Google Assistant to just remember things for you.
My personal favorite is to add things to my shopping list. This is incredibly helpful in the kitchen when preparing a meal and taking stock of what’s in the fridge or pantry. Once everyone in the house gets in this habit and you’ve got a collaborative list, it gets an awful lot easier to make sure you’ve got what you need in stock.
Depending on your favorite productivity app, you may also want to create 
. IFTTT make connections between various online services so you can add things to apps not yet supported natively by Google Assistant.
You should also feel free to ask Google Assistant virtually any factual question that comes to mind.
In tests this year to examine the ability of intelligent assistants to answer a common list of more than 800 questions, 
, though the competition is catching up.
Basically, you should feel free to ask any question that comes to mind and see where things go.
You can also ask questions like “What sound does a whale make?” or say “OK Google, play a trivia game” to have Google Assistant act as your show host.
You should also pick your preferred news sources and set your home and work addresses so when you say “OK Google, tell me about my day,” you get information about your commute to work and rundown of the latest news.
You can also just ask your Assistant to tell you the news on particular topics or the latest score of your favorite sports team.
Finally, feel free to connect Chromecast and smart home devices for voice control that’s a bit like making your voice a remote control.
Once devices are organized by room, you can ask your Assistant to turn off all devices in a certain room instead of turning off each individual device one voice command at a time.
Take it from someone who has had speakers scattered around the house for years now: A single speaker is helpful, but a speaker anywhere within earshot achieves the dream of voice computing that lets you just yell out a command anywhere you are to get things done.
This is amazing for parties or just catching up on the news, allowing you to walk from bedroom to kitchen to bathroom without a break in sound.
Practically speaking, this helps for streaming audio and productivity (“OK Google, add apples to the shopping list”) or hearing the Nest doorbell, but it can also serve the very serious purpose of allowing you to make phone calls without a phone in hand.
Google Home is by no means a replacement for a lifeline or 911 call, but if someone falls and is unable to get up, they can yell for Google Assistant to call their kid or a friend or neighbor.
Falling is a serious risk for senior citizens. According to the 
, roughly 28 to 35 percent of people 65 and over fall each year, a risk that rises to 42 percent by age 70. Voice assistants can play a role in ensuring people don’t spend hours on the ground, a consequence that can have a serious impact on health.
Support for 
 was added in recent weeks, so your TV and sound bar, as well as any Home Hub-like device you’ve got, can also play a part in serving up music throughout your home.
This comes especially in handy if you create a shared Google Photos album and invite people at the party to add their pictures. That way they can add to the album on the spot, something that’s especially fun at events like an anniversary, birthday, or engagement party.
Routines can be created in the Google Home app; they let you carry out multiple tasks with a single voice command. That means you can say “OK Google, I’m home” to turn on the lights, change the temperature, read your reminders, and resume your podcast, audiobook, or favorite playlist.
Routines were invented because as AI assistants began to spread throughout people’s homes, it became clear that the most used features were accessed as part of a typical schedule.
That’s why Alexa also has Routines, and 
 to control iOS apps this fall.
For that reason, Google Assistant comes with a few preset Routines you can activate, such as “Good morning” and “Leaving home,” but you can also create Routines based on custom voice commands or add custom actions like reading a weather report or opening a 
.
Custom voice commands can also be created with the aforementioned IFTTT.
Last month Google introduced the ability to 
 with your voice.
Previously you could only add to a single to-do list or shopping list, but now you can make new lists. This is one of those features you hear about becoming available that you probably assume already existed.
Being able to quickly start new to-do lists can be a helpful way to organize your life and think about how to get stuff done.
Native support for productivity apps like Google Keep and Any.do is coming soon.
Broadcasts let you send a single audio message to all the other Home speakers in your house. That means a quick “Dinner is ready” or “Get your butt down here, it’s time for school” can be sent by saying “OK Google, broadcast a message.”
Broadcast replies were introduced a few weeks back. They let you respond to these broadcast messages via either voice or text.
Google Assistant is also able to make phone calls and send text messages if you want to just get a hold of people that way instead.
As simple as performing a search for or calling a local business sounds, give it a shot. Google Assistant does a great job answering questions, including questions about local businesses.
Google Assistant is pretty good at responding to specific commands like “OK Google, call the florist on Divisadero Street in San Francisco” or helping you locate and call your nearest Target or takeout place. This is made possible by harnessing the knowledge graph of Google Places. With a Home Hub or a smartphone, you can see the listings as you search.
Google Assistant can currently make free calls in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom.
 so you can get things like addresses and the like, but Google Assistant may still have the best service for calling local businesses of any of the intelligent assistants today.
The focus of intelligent assistants today seems centered primarily on buying more Whole Foods and Amazon items or recommending things from corporate global 500 companies, but an assistant that can be smart about local business recommendations, like ambient computing available everywhere, realizes an ideal use case.
Again, seems simple, right? So do reminders and timers, but they’re still the most popular features available. Calling your own phone to locate it is something I do a few times a month. It saves not just the time needed to search for my phone, but also the frustration that builds when the phone always seems to go missing right before I have to run out the door.
Kids have a lot of fun giving Google the business. It’s fun to watch, sort of like setting up answering machines for my grandparents when I was growing up.
Google has made its pitch to parents via kids for some time now, and there’s a handful of fun things for kids, such as dozens of books that can play sounds and theme music while they read and voice apps that can play stories for them to hear.
 and others that give words of encouragement came out last month. There’s also 
 made especially for kids.
Letting kids play these games requires the creation of a Family Link account. Family Link is used to control the use of devices by kids within the Android ecosystem, so a parent can limit the amount of YouTube their kid watches or time spent playing apps.
In August, Google was the first of the intelligent assistant makers to become available in multilingual mode. At launch, Google Home speakers can speak a combination of English, French, German, Italian, Japanese, and Spanish.
This is particularly significant because roughly 35 million people in the United States speak a language other than English at home, according to the U.S. Census. Multilingual household rates are even higher in many other parts of the world.
Given the number of multilingual households out there, learning how to communicate with people who speak more than one language isn’t just being sensitive to the needs of tens of millions of U.S. households. It’s also a challenge to be surmounted for natural language to be adopted worldwide.
This, along with localization to understand accents (ever seen 
? Not pretty) is the future.
AI assistants are powered by natural language processing. If someone’s natural way of talking spans more than one language, then multilingual understanding is incredibly important to the advancement of the field, especially when speaking with people in their own homes.
In total, Google Assistant is now able to speak 30 languages, a company spokesperson told VentureBeat, a promise 
.
Above: Google Home Hub
Sometimes you don’t want or need to access the grand variety of features Google places in its assistant. Sometimes it’s best to turn away, unwind, and tune out.
That’s why Google introduced Digital Well-Being and Downtime for Home speakers. You can use those features to reject calls and messages, limit questions, block voice apps, and restrict access to music and videos.
It’s not a new concept — Apple 
 — but it’s worth checking out.
With 
, you can send information to your smartphone, including sports scores, directions, and traffic reports. Some voice apps are also able to 
.
This approach underlines the great variety of things you get when using Google Assistant across a smartphone and Home speakers, such as the upcoming ability to 
.
So that’s it. Enjoy your Home in your house. Again, if you’d like more tips, 
 for more ideas.
Dementia affects more than 
. And today, on Christmas day, many will realize at family gatherings that their elderly relatives have gotten worse at remembering things. I know this well, as my 85-year-old mother has dementia, a loss of cognitive function which causes memory loss and other symptoms.
I’ve been spending some time talking to experts about it, and how we can turn to technology, medicine, or even games to stave off what seems inevitable as our bodies start to outlive our minds. Too often, I’ve found that tech products have been designed without the needs of older people in mind.
, a health care technology company with a mission of helping its members live their healthiest lives, is one of the companies trying to improve mental skills for the elderly. They recently established a partnership with the team at 
. The app combines brain games, healthy nutrition, regular exercise, and social interaction. It encourages its users to make multifaceted, holistic lifestyle changes to help stave off the effects of cognitive decline.
I spoke with Matt Waellert, chief behavioral officer at Clover Health, about Clover’s approach of using a proprietary technology platform to collect, structure, and analyze health and behavioral data to improve medical outcomes and lower costs for patients. Through its partnership with MindMate, Clover is able to monitor participating member’s app activity and alert the Clover care team of any significant decline in cognitive performance. This can significantly improve health care providers’ and caregivers’ ability to recognize Alzheimer’s, stroke, dementia, and other neurological disorders early, Waellert said.
I’m sure that’s interesting for a lot of people. But I had a good conversation with Waellert, in part because we wandered all over the landscape of what it means to deal with the aging of our brains. I hope you enjoy it, and Merry Christmas to those of you who celebrate it.
Here’s an edited transcript of our interview.
Above: Matt Waellert, chief behavioral officer at Clover Health.
 It’s a company we’ve started spending more time with. We’re launching a little partnership and exploring how gaming can help our members and power some interesting interventions.
 Absolutely. I was talking to someone at Clover about this the other day. It’s so relevant as we go into the holidays. This is when a lot of people come home for the holidays and see some of their relatives they haven’t seen in a while. They may not have realized how much has changed since the last time they saw that person.
That’s one of the reasons we’re excited about our work with MindMate. If we can do that early detection, so you don’t show up for Christmas and suddenly realize that she isn’t mentally where you thought she was — if we can detect that earlier on and start to coordinate some of that social support, it can be a real benefit to families.
 MindMate is a brain games-focused app. It’s pretty engaging. One of the things I liked — if you look at the average health app, it’s about 3.5-minute session times. They’re not very engaging. MindMate is more like a 16-minute session length, much more like a mobile game.
That entertainment focus is interesting for me as a scientist, because one of the dominant problems has always been how you motivate people to do things. With MindMate, they’re doing the motivation. We can piggyback on the data. People play three to five times a week for 16 minutes at a time. That generates a lot of cognitive data that we can then use to benchmark someone against themselves. We can see if you’re declining over time. That might be a sign that you need to have one of our nurse practitioners have a conversation to check what’s going on as we go along.
The app is pitched like a lot of brain game apps. Memory, reaction time, all of those things people actually like doing on their phones. They’re fun. If you look a lot of modern games, they’re just presentation layers on top of very traditional game mechanics. Those mechanics yield interesting data. The app feels very traditionally like a game, but because games stretch our minds, it does provide good cognitive data.
Above: Dean Takahashi and his mother Hiroko.
 It goes in both directions. When you talk about twitch gaming, something like Call of Duty, where reaction time is incredibly important–there are peaks in reaction times. When you look at the science, when you’re 85, you might be able to say that your reaction time is the reason you can’t beat the youngsters. Earlier than that, you may just have other things on your mind besides playing games 24/7.
On the flip side of that, one of the things I love about games, whether electronic games or board games or card games, they have all those mentally protective features. Even if you think about something like bridge clubs, what does that do? It gets you around other people. It gets you talking every day. There’s mental math and accounting that goes into even simple card games. I like pinochle, because I grew up with it. A kind of poor man’s bridge. The cognitive piece can be a protective factor against dementia and other things. It’s the continued use and engagement of your mind.
Games exist along a spectrum. Some games are a bit mindless compared to other games. But being engaged, finding gaming as a place where we can engage people’s cognition, is really exciting.
Above: Humm has a headband for esports biometrics.
 The thing that’s always interesting about those types of devices — it goes back to the motivational piece. Even if we found something — look, I can’t even get to the gym. There are no things that are good for you that aren’t difficult to get people to do, because they’re uncomfortable, or they take time.
What I love about games is they’re intrinsically engaging. The great thing about working with MindMate is that normally my team spends an enormous amount of time on that motivational piece. How do we get people to want to do something that’s good for them. Games are self-motivating. You want to play. But they’re also quite good for you.
If you take something like MindMate — we have a large machine learning team, and one of their big outputs is something called diagnosis suspecting. How do we take in all the data we have about a person and say, “What might be going on with them that the conventional medical system has not yet recognized?” At this point we’re able to make significant new diagnoses that we can then confirm in person.
We have all these NP/MA pairs that go out. The system says, “Based on all the signals, Matt might be pre-diabetic. When you see Matt in person, have a conversation about diabetes.” Because we have a connection to their doctors, we can also, in the app that we use, tell their doctor: “Hey, Matt might be pre-diabetic, so when he comes in for a checkup have that conversation.”
What we’re working on with MindMate right now is taking in the data from this rich source. I intrinsically want to play games. I don’t have to do anything I wouldn’t normally do. I can just do something that I enjoy. But then that yields data we can plug into a machine learning algorithm and say, “Next time Matt comes in, you should check and see what’s going on. His reaction times are going down. He’s starting to not perform as well at short-term memory tasks.”
It’s that alerting system that — even separate from, to your point, the question of whether these games make you smarter. It’s possible. There’s some good evidence that brain games and staying engaged mentally is good for you. And then on the alerting side, even if you don’t expect the game to improve your mind at all, we can still derive value from understanding what’s happening with you and being able to intervene within the normal clinical system.
 On the detection side, and even on the brain training side, people being engaged at any age is great. We can always make use of that data. You’re right on — at some point, your cognition has declined enough that I don’t think playing games is an effective way of combating that. Although there is anecdotal evidence out there that just being engaged in the world can be quite good.
On the learning side, even if at this point you’re quite demented — if your cognitive abilities have slipped quite far — even the alerting piece is quite good. Recognizing what’s going on with people seeing sudden decline. Even if the game can’t improve you, there are nice pieces to that. In a perfect world, where you and I got to design our Star Trek game of the future — if there was a game that followed you through your whole life, there are some very real potential possibilities there to be able to take longitudinal data.
Think about it this way. If you start playing the game, that’s my first detection point for you. I can watch if you decline after that, for sure, but I don’t have a long history. Whereas if we can get people playing brain games earlier and earlier on, I know what you’re normally like, and I know what you’ve been like for a long period of time. I can detect more subtle changes. The longer the history of data I have, the more subtle the changes I can detect.
Above: The MindMate app encourages good nutrition.
 That’s a hard question. Some of the MindMate data — certainly reaction time is really important data when we start talking about cognitive things. It’s a good kind of canary in the coal mine for other stuff that might be going on. If you think about what happens in reaction time — as long as it’s not purely automatic, the autonomic nervous system — many steps of cognition happen there. Often reaction time to language-based things is really good. Lots of parts of your brain are involved in processing that data. It’s a good end-to-end detection mechanism.
Memory is also good. I love some of the memory games that are available for that same reason. The ability to hold something in mind is also one of the things that — when it goes, it’s not always transparently obvious. Looking at stages of dementia, it can be hard to tell the difference in someone who’s genuinely abnormal, as opposed to the normal forgetfulness we all experience. We all sometimes struggle to remember the name of a song or something. How do you detect those changes?
I will say that in many ways, it isn’t just about the data for me as much as it’s also about the ability to then go intervene. Much has been made of big data. Everybody’s gone and put together giant data lakes and tried to make something out of that. But it’s not helpful if you can’t do something about it. The ability to have an on-premise nurse practitioner and medical assistant pairing that can go out to somebody’s home and say, “Hey, let’s check in.” Having a field outreach team, having close connections with doctors — it’s the full intervention loop that’s really interest. Data alone doesn’t do it.
MindMate has the same data. Intrinsically it has all this data. But they don’t have the ability to send someone to intervene, and we do. That’s why the partnership makes sense. You have to have that full loop. It isn’t just about data for me. It’s about the dream system of being able to take that data and say to a doctor, “We saw this and you should check in on this the next time they come in,” when they might not normally do that.
 I’d push back on him a little bit on that one. What he’s talking about, essentially, is the practice effect. The longer you do a task, the better you get at it, for sure. There should be, in theory, for any task — the more we do it, it should go up and to the right. He’s saying that up and to the right might disguise a larger general decline.
But remember, when we talk about something like dementia, we’re talking about a neurological, biological decline. It’s unlikely that the practice effect would mask it, and even if it did, you’re not going to see substantial enough practice increases.
Our staff had a busy 2018. We wrote hundreds of news stories, interviews, reviews, previews, and more. We covered the biggest events in the industry, including the 
 and the 
. Honestly, at the end of year, it’s hard to remember just exactly what we wrote in 2018.
But some stories stand out for us. So, to celebrate our work in 2018, each of us selected our two favorite pieces of our own from the year. You can find them below. Please read them if you feel so inclined, and we look forward to seeing you all in 2019!
Kingdoms of Amalur was one fantasy RPG franchise we assumed was dead forever. Well, turns out the series may have a future with THQ Nordic.
Above: The Kings of Leon.
Far Cry 5’s villain is an American cult leader. Rick Alan Ross advised Ubisoft on the creation of its fictional cult, and he explained to us how these lunatics are able to thrive in our own backyard.
Star Citizen is the crowdfunded game that just keeps on, well, getting funded. And then, on top of over $200 million raised from fans, Star Citizen director Chris Roberts goes out secures an additional $46 million in venture capital.
Above: Avenger Titan ship in Star Citizen.
Rockstar’s latest is one of the most technically impressive games ever made. Rob Nelson, co-head of Rockstar’s Edinburgh studio, goes into detail on Red Dead Redemption 2’s design in this interview.
Dead Cells is a difficult game, but you can make things easier on yourself by … well, we don’t call it cheating. But it’s not exactly playing fair, either. And it’s all alright, because Dead Cells wants you to embrace the cheese.
Above: The Dead Cells vendor.
Eco is like Minecraft but with a persistent multiplayer world driven by complicated systems, including economy. This story is about how Jeff became mad with capitalistic power.
Disney is building giant Star Wars lands in Anaheim and Orlando, and a Millennium Falcon ride is going to be one of the major highlights in both parks. But this attraction is as much a video game as it is a ride.
Above: Don’t look back.
The Mega Man franchise was on ice for years. The men behind Mega Man 11 explain the long hiatus and why it was time to bring the Blue Bomber back.
Pathfinder: Kingmaker can be confusing and aimless. It makes you miss the presence of a Dungeon Master, someone that could guide your experience.
Above: Pathfinder: Kingmaker.
Blizzard is scaling back development of its crossover MOBA and cancelling major esports for the game in 2019. We mourn Heroes of the Storm’s coming end and wonder why the game never found the usual Blizzard-sized success.
, a Long Beach, California-based startup that develops virtual worlds for cyclists and runners, has raised $120 million in a series B round of funding led by Highland Europe. Additional investors include True, Causeway Media, and Novator.
Founded in 2014, Zwift initially 
 on top of virtual training games for cyclists. The company’s platform connects to physical 
 so that cyclists can pedal inside while immersed in any number of virtual landscapes on a screen in front of them. It also allows friends to join in rides together.
Earlier this year, Zwift 
 into running, inviting runners to follow virtual routes on a screen from treadmills. Zwift also recently launched its first piece of running-related hardware — the 
, which attaches to a runner’s shoe — 
 — and enables accurate tracking of speed, cadence, and distance.
Prior to now, Zwift had raised north of $40 million, with previous big-name backers including PayPal cofounder Max Levchin. With another $120 million in the bank, the company plans to double down on its expansion into running and esports.
Above: Zwift’s esports cycling league
Indeed, earlier this week Zwift formally revealed its expansion into esports 
 of what is thought to be the first professional cycling esports league. The Kiss Super League will feature professional cycling teams that will compete exclusively on Zwift. At launch, it will include 
, a cycling team founded in 2014 by Olympic and Tour de France champion Bradley Wiggins. As an aside here, a significant number of professional cyclists already use Zwift for training, according to the startup’s CEO and cofounder, Eric Min.
“Zwift is now more than ready to propel the business forward by providing innovative offerings that are greater in breadth and depth for cyclists and runners alike,” Min said. “In 2018, more than one third of the Tour de France peloton were Zwifters. With that support already in place, we are in the unique position of being able to combine affordable physical endeavor with video gaming technology, ultimately setting the stage for us to become the first true esport of its kind.”
He makes an interesting point. Esports, 
, is something of a misnomer, given that it basically involves watching other people compete against each other in video games. Putting professional athletes into virtual worlds, where they can physically compete against each other from remote locations while spectators watch, feels like a more accurate interpretation of the term “esports.”
Zwift’s two main hubs today are in Long Beach and London, where Min actually started the business four years ago. His cofounder, Jon Mayfield, is based in Long Beach and is responsible for engineering the Zwift game. The company counts additional hubs in Brazil, Australia, Israel, and — soon — Japan.
Whichever way you slice and dice it, virtual fitness is emerging as a huge market. Earlier this year, New York-based Peloton 
 to grow its virtual fitness classes and connected machines, while 
 and launched a $1,500 connected mirror for virtual fitness classes.
Above: Zwift: Indoor cycling
Last month, Germany-based 
 to grow its connected fitness platform in the U.S. — Highland Europe also invested as part of that series D round.
It’s worth highlighting the size of Zwift’s funding round — $120 million is a big raise for a series B round, which perhaps points to the traction the platform is seeing globally — particularly outside the U.S.
“It’s a highly scalable business, and we’ve been impressed with how they have already managed to expand globally —  already 70 percent of current subscribers are from outside the U.S.,” added Highland Europe partner Tony Zappala. “Research points to an audience of 40 million competitive and enthusiast cyclists, and many of those lie in the traditional cycling nations of Central Europe, so in this market alone there is huge growth potential.”
Congrats on getting an Amazon Echo speaker. They are without question the 
 and 
, but figuring out how to use this device with no screen (unless you got an Echo Show or Echo Spot) can be tricky.
Here’s 10 new, popular, or noteworthy ways to use an Echo speaker.
We’ll get into more of the intriguing and unique features introduced in the past year for the AI assistant, but it’s best to start with the most popular use cases. Create a reminder. Add an event to your calendar. Start a timer.
If you have more than one Echo speaker, then you can create a speaker group or send announcements to other speakers scattered around your home.
The best way to get started is to simply say “Alexa, what can you do?”
You should also download the Alexa app.
One of the best things to do, of course, is to just play music. You can connect services like Spotify, but since the 
, Pandora Premium, Tidal, and even Apple Music have been made available for Echo speaker users.
Or if you have a Fire TV Stick, you can use your speaker to play videos on your television.
You can also speak with Cortana, part of the partnership between 
.
Personally, I don’t find Cortana to be all that incredible, but it does have some particular skills that people may find useful, 
 about people you’re scheduled to meet, native Wunderlist support, and read and prioritize your emails.
I’ll be honest: When this list was first drafted, this item was somewhere near the bottom, more of an afterthought than a main event, but recent events moved it to the top of the pile.
Last week, 
, as well as talking about defecating dogs and sex. Now I’m not a psychologist, but I don’t think that qualifies as healthy conversational topics.
This weirdness was generated by Amazon’s effort to make a conversational AI assistant, according to persons familiar with the matter, spurred by the Alexa Prize competition.
These kinds of incidents give conspiracy theorists who scream that Alexa is a mass surveillance device and the spawn of Satan reason to say “See, I was right” — but it’s not that simple.
The ultimate goal of the Alexa Prize of course is not to scare prospective Echo customers, but to find out what it takes to make a bot that can carry on a 20-minute casual conversation. That’s a worthwhile pursuit not just to sell more speakers, but to develop techniques that make people feel more at ease with an assistant, which could help with the global loneliness epidemic. It’s a way to speak with an AI assistant that’s much more like Rosie from 
 than a mindless computer.
I can appreciate why people might get to the end of this section of the article and throw their Echo out the window, but like the Facebook AI that made its own language in 2017, this story is overblown. It’s also important to note that despite privacy issues and other hiccups that have taken place for some time now, there has been no mass exodus. Echo speakers continue to be the most popular among consumers buying smart speakers.
All that being said, you might want to give chatting a shot to see how far it takes you without espousing murder or speaking other nonsense.
This year’s 
. That’s far below the 20-minute goal, but it’s a hell of a lot farther than you’ll get by just asking Alexa a question today.
To get started speaking with one of the finalist bots, say “Alexa, let’s chat.”
If the idea of Alexa trying to convince you or your loved ones to commit murder is off-putting, one upside is Alexa Guard. 
, Alexa Guard alternates smart lights in your home to make it appear as if someone is in the house when you’re away, and if an Echo speaker hears the sound of breaking glass or a home alarm, you’ll get an alert.
This appears to be one of the only home security functions native to a smart speaker on the market today.
Video calls with Amazon’s Echo Show were initially limited to the kind that can be made with the Amazon Alexa app, but in 
, further extending a partnership between the two Seattle-area companies.
Just as the partnership to bring Cortana to Echo speakers and Alexa to Windows 10 PCs is intended to be a symbiotic relationship, Skype for Echo devices with a screen could help lift flat Skype unique user numbers and help Amazon keep at bay Facebook’s Portal, which can make video calls using Facebook Messenger, an app with 1.3 billion monthly active users.
, you can now say “Alexa, check my email” or ask Alexa if you got an email from a specific contact. This only continues to enhance the several ways Alexa is able to help you keep in touch with others.
In addition to Skype and Alexa app voice and video calls, Alexa can make free phone calls in the United States, Mexico, and Canada, and send text messages.
Follow-up, introduced earlier this year for Echo devices, lets you think of conversations with Alexa in a different way. Rather than each interaction being broken down into a single command followed by a single response, if you, for example, ask about local restaurants and receive a response, you can then follow up with a question in the same context. This makes exchanges more like talking to a person and less like interacting with a computer that can’t be helpful for more than a single exchange.
The downside perhaps is that after each exchange with an Echo speaker, you will notice that the ring around your speaker or Alexa indicator on your Echo Show still glows blue and green, indicating that the assistant continues to listen after every exchange, no matter what, for a range of 5-10 seconds.
Follow-up mode can be turned on in the settings section of the Alexa app.
Introduced last year for the first time, Routines allow you to make custom commands or use a single voice command to execute multiple tasks. For example, you can make an “Alexa, good morning” voice command that turns on the lights, reads you the news, and starts your coffee maker, or a “Good evening” command that turns on all your lights, adjusts the thermostat, and plays your chill nighttime playlist.
While Routines used to be have to be set to a particular time or voice command, they can now be carried out using an Echo Button, triggered based on your location, or even begin when a smart home device’s motion sensors are set off.
That means you can make sure that any time a device like the Amazon Cloud Cam senses motion, it starts playing your favorite song or personal theme music.
Far more useful use cases: You can automatically send your spouse a message when you leave work, or get a traffic update when you set out to work in the morning.
 (same name) and Apple introduced Shortcuts for Siri in 
 to allow users to make custom voice commands and control apps.
Of all the new ways to use Alexa introduced in 2018, this is hands-down one of my favorites. Say “Alexa, follow <an artist> on Amazon Music” or “Alexa, let me know when <an artist> has new music” and Alexa will remind you when your favorite artist releases a new album or song.
Sounds simple, but it’s kind of major when you consider it in the right context: Playing music is one of the primary reasons 
 what an Echo speaker is today. It’s likely one of the primary reasons why Amazon Music has expanded to 
 around the world. If you can receive music updates alongside the very short list of proactive notifications Alexa sends today, it’s a serious value add.
This isn’t the kind of feature I’d use for more than 5 or 10 artists, but for those musicians and bands I love most, this is a pretty seriously delightful experience.
Look for every one of Alexa’s competitors to adopt this feature in 2019. It’s too obvious to be alone.
Also added to improve the music listening experience in recent weeks: 
 and, as previously mentioned, can now play your favorites from Apple Music, Pandora Premium, Tidal, and other popular or emerging streaming music services.
This feature, introduced earlier this year for Alexa and then for Google Assistant, can be rather addicting. Instead of that nails-on-chalkboard annoyance that some alarms can imbue, pick the right song or album to kick off your day instead of an abrupt awakening that sends your blood pressure through the roof.
Personally, I made 
 and the Soulful Chill playlist my two alarms in the morning, and I’m a changed man. Andre 3000 is exactly who I want to nudge me in the morning and say in not so many words that it’s time to wake up and tackle the day.
Particularly since competition is heating up around streaming music services, look for all of Alexa’s AI assistant competitors to adopt this feature in the year ahead.
One potential downside: If you and your partner love music, you might have a bit of a debate or disagreement every so often about the kind of music you hear when you wake up.
With more than 70,000 Alexa voice apps, called skills, Amazon has always maintained an advantage over its competitors in this category.
Skills can do any number of things, from taking actions with smart home devices to playing games, reading stories to kids, or helping you meditate.
All Alexa users can peruse skills in the Alexa app or the 
, but if you’re new to the idea, you may want to just say “Alexa, help me get started with skills” or 
.
Amazon is increasingly using the random questions or queries the assistant hears as an opportunity to recommend particular skills.
This is important because virtually every smart speaker has no screen. In the past year, the accuracy of these recommendations have seen some marked improvements.
For the owners of Echo Show devices, visual Alexa skills like Double Jeopardy are definitely worth giving a shot.
As you might imagine, Amazon Echo speakers are able to shop better than any other assistants out there.
They can add items to your Whole Foods or Amazon shopping carts, 
. I’ve argued before that these speakers have a lot of power, but they’re 
.
I’d give you more instructions, but your Echo speaker is made to understand natural language, so just say “Alexa” and blurt out an item you want to buy.
While some people familiar with the matter say Alexa shopping is 
 and makes up an insignificant amount of money today, one estimate says voice shopping will be a 
, while 
.
Voice queries — shopping or otherwise — will also be an important factor in Google’s effort to keep Alexa from eating part of the company’s search business in the years ahead. That’s why a Morgan Stanley analyst suggested this summer that 
.
So that’s it.
If you’re curious, check out this list of top things to do with a new Google Home speaker or 
, or check out last year’s list of top 10 things to do with an Echo speaker for more ideas.
(
) — Billionaire entrepreneur Elon Musk made a brief public appearance late on Tuesday to unveil the first tunnel completed by the underground transit venture he launched two years ago as an ambitious remedy to Los Angeles’ infamously heavy traffic.
But contrary to some of his own hype from several months ago, free rides were not part of the grand opening.
In a 30-minute presentation carried by live webcast, Musk touted the newly finished 1.14-mile (1.83 km) tunnel segment as a breakthrough in low-cost, fast-digging technology being pioneered by his nascent tunneling firm, the Boring Company.
Musk has advertised the proof-of-concept tunnel as a first step toward developing a high-speed subterranean network capable of whisking vehicles and pedestrians below the “soul-destroying” street traffic of America’s second-largest city at up to 150 miles per hour. But such a system has a long way to go.
The new tunnel was excavated along a path that runs not through Los Angeles but beneath the tiny adjacent municipality of Hawthorne, where Musk’s Boring Company and his SpaceX rocket firm are both headquartered.
Musk, best known as head of the Tesla Inc electric car manufacturer and energy company, launched his foray into public transit after complaining on Twitter in December 2016 that L.A.’s traffic was “driving me nuts,” promising then to “build a boring machine and just start digging.”
In May, the company gave the world a preview of the Hawthorne tunnel, posting a fast-forward video of its interior shot by a camera traveling the length of the cylindrical passageway, which measures about 12 feet (3.7 m) in diameter.
On Tuesday, Musk put the total price tag for the finished segment at about $10 million, including the cost of excavation, internal infrastructure, lighting, ventilation, safety systems, communications and a track.
By comparison, he said, digging a mile of tunnel by “traditional” engineering methods costs up to $1 billion and takes three to six months to complete.
Above: Modified Tesla Model X drives into tunnel entrance before official unveiling at Boring Company event
Musk boasted of several cost-cutting innovations, including higher-power boring machines, digging narrower tunnels, speeding up dirt removal, and simultaneous excavation and reinforcement.
He also invoked his favorite comparison with a snail, a creature he said moves 14 times faster than the speed of a typical tunneling machine. “Aspirationally, we should be slightly faster than a snail,” he said.
Musk did not say how long it took to burrow his new tunnel, which ended up running short of the 2-mile easement his company originally requested for the project.
But he showed pre-recorded video footage of a newly built elevator station designed to carry passengers from street level to the tunnel’s subterranean entryway. The video featured a modified Tesla Model X luxury car on the elevator.
When fully operational, the “loop” system as Musk envisions it will consist of passenger- and automobile-carrying platforms called “skates” that can zip through the tunnels by way of electric power once they descend into the underground network.
Alternately, he said, passenger cars could be outfitted with retractable side wheels allowing them to travel through the loop autonomously.
Musk arrived at Tuesday night’s event in a Tesla vehicle so equipped, emerging from the car at one end of the tunnel — bathed in green and blue interior lights — as he was cheered by a small, enthusiastic crowd gathered for the presentation.
Musk created a stir earlier this year by promising free trips through the tunnel once it opened. However, no such rides were in the offing on Tuesday night. A company message posted online beforehand said tunnel tours “are by invitation only,” citing “unbelievably high demand.”
If successful, the Hawthorne tunnel is envisioned as eventually connecting to a network of other tunnels, yet to be built.
Last month, the Boring Company scrapped plans for a 2.7-mile segment under a West Los Angeles neighborhood, settling litigation brought by community groups opposed to that project.
But Musk’s company said it was moving ahead with a proposed tunnel across town to connect Dodger Stadium, home of the city’s Major League Baseball team, to an existing subway line.
In June, Boring 
 to build a 17-mile underground transit system linking that city’s downtown to its main airport. The company also has proposed an East Coast Loop that would run from Washington, D.C., to the Maryland suburbs.
(
)
French tech hopeful 
 appears to have hit a wall less than six months after being listed on the Paris Stock Exchange.
The autonomous shuttle company has parted ways with founder and CEO Christophe Sapet two weeks after he disclosed that the company would 
. In addition, four board members have stepped down, including those representing investors Valeo and Keolis.
In a statement to 
, the board said the members‘ decision to leave was not a sign of doubts about the “operational or technical projects conducted with Navya, and in particular the partnerships put in place.”
Still, the upheaval comes as a blow to a company that has often been held up as a shining star in the French Tech ecosystem.
Founded in 2014, Navya makes autonomous shuttles that have been drawing international attention thanks to numerous pilot projects, including several in the U.S. Last year, the company 
 that pointed to big things ahead.
Along the way, the company, now with 200 employees, raised an impressive 
 In late July, 
 the 
 with a first-day close of $8.16 per share. At the time, the company said it had sold 67 shuttles in 16 countries through the first quarter of 2018 and had booked $11.4 million in revenue for 2017.
But on December 7 
 that things were not going as hoped. Rather than hitting its $34.22 million revenue target for 2018, the company said annual revenues would likely be in the $19.4 million to $21.7 million range. Its stock plunged, cutting its market cap from $211.04 million last summer to $61.6 million in early trading today, with the stock price hovering around $2.26 per share.
Navya blamed the shortfall on several projects that were under negotiation but had been pushed into 2019, in part due to a fuzzy U.S. regulatory picture.
Just how big of a setback this will be remains to be seen. The company is searching for a permanent successor, but CFO Frank Maccary will be the interim boss. Navya also said it still has $27.38 million in the bank and had recently secured a line of financing worth $34.2 million from the European Investment Bank.
The video analytics market (or “intelligent video” market) is larger than you might believe. It’s expected to grow from $2.77 billion to an enormous 
 by 2023, driven largely by growing corporate interest in IoT-centric (internet of things) cloud reporting, incident detection, traffic monitoring, and other such use cases.
With that sort of cash in play, it’s not surprising investors are enthusiastically backing some of the sector’s best-positioned startups. A prime example is 
. The 18-year-old privately held Taipei company, which provides computer vision solutions for enterprises, today revealed that it has secured $15 million in Series D financing from Japanese financial services company SBI Group. It’s Gorilla’s first round since January 2015, and it marks SBI’s first major investment in a Taiwanese company.
Previous raises were led by Acer and Telstra, the latter of which took a stake in Gorilla through its investment arm, Telstra Ventures.
“Financial companies worldwide have started tapping on the video analytics and facial recognition door as cybersecurity threats continue to grow and expand in 2019.” said Dr. Spincer Koh, CEO of Gorilla Technology. “SBI Group’s investment into our company and vision strengthens our position as an Edge AI leader. It’s a key driver toward our goals in video analytics technology and keeps Gorilla positioned at the forefront of video AI technology.”
Put simply, Gorilla’s range of machine learning and deep image analysis algorithms identify, analyze, and extract data from digital content — whether that content is live, recorded, or captured frame by frame. It offers solutions across four domains — retail, enterprise, security, and media — and claims to manage over 40 petabytes of content across five continents in multiple languages.
Gorilla’s Ivar real-time surveillance platform, which works with existing security systems and multiple cameras, can search and track people, vehicles, and objects and detect “suspicious” events. Its Smart Enterprise product keeps tabs on employee clock-in/out hours and absences, facilitates video conferencing, and provides a portal for organizational training videos. Smart Retail incorporates data from cameras and IoT devices to track metrics like top performing products, shopper behavior and demographics, store revenue, product conversion rates, and more in a unified dashboard. And Smart Media provides an end-to-end solution for media archiving and asset management, principally for broadcasters and production houses.
Gorilla says it’s certified as the first IVA-based security software partner integrated with Intel’s 
 in IoT Solutions Alliance, which it says enables its at-the-edge products to conduct one and a half times greater real-time video feed analytics, without the need for dedicated GPUs. And it has partnered with vendors like Dell, EMC, and ViewSonic to integrate VeMo, its real-time video analytics technology, into their IoT equipment. Just this fall, Gigabyte announced a VeMo-powered CCTV offering that leverages machine learning to perform facial recognition, vehicle detection, and behavior tracking across multiple concurrent video streams.
“We are committed to creating new avenues of success and security for the fintech markets, and we strongly believe the next natural step is to expand Edge AI, computer vision, and data as a service,” Koh said. “We can’t wait to see what the future holds.”
 — U.S. satellite start-up OneWeb has offered to sell a minority stake to Russia, a move it hopes will allay Moscow’s concerns about the company’s plan to create a worldwide internet network using satellites, three sources familiar with the matter said.
Russia’s Federal Security Service (FSB) said in October it was against the project servicing Russia for security reasons and feared it could be used to gather intelligence and damage national security.
Russia is an important market for OneWeb’s project because it has many remote areas where high-speed broadband is not available. OneWeb also needs the assistance of Russian space agency Roscosmos to send satellites into orbit.
OneWeb has offered the Russian government the option of buying a 12.5-percent stake in the company in exchange for approving its request for a frequency band in the country, said the three sources, including one in the Kremlin. The offer was made at a meeting with Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev earlier this year, they added.
A Russian subsidiary of OneWeb and Rosmoscos submitted a request for the frequency band last year, but it was rejected by the authorities.
The Russian government is still discussing OneWeb’s proposal, the sources said. The government and Ministry for Digital Development and Communications did not reply to requests for comment.
If Russia buys a minority stake in OneWeb, it would be represented on the company’s board of directors and have access to the project’s technical documentation, the sources said.
However one of the sources, a Russian government official, said the government was not satisfied with the conditions attached to the stake purchase, as it wanted access to the technical documentation before committing to the deal.
OneWeb spokesman Christopher Torres declined to comment on the offer, saying only that the firm “has ongoing discussions with virtually every country in the world.”
 and has raised $1.7 billion from investors including Airbus, Bharti, Coca-Cola, Hughes, Virgin Group, Qualcomm and SoftBank.
It plans to create a network of 900 satellites, most of which it wants to send into orbit via 21 Soyuz launch vehicles from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan and the Guiana Space Centre.
OneWeb struck a deal with Roscosmos in 2015 to send the satellites into orbit and clinched a joint venture with a subsidiary of the agency to service Russia.
OneWeb is in the process of relinquishing its majority stake in that joint venture after the FSB raised concerns the service could potentially hand a foreign internet service provider a monopoly over rural and remote areas.
We are close to 100-percenting 2018. The only thing we have left to do to get the platinum trophy is hand out some awards. So we got the crew together on the 
 podcast to talk 
.
On this episode, we’re inventing a bunch of awards to give out to some of the best games of the year.
You can listen by clicking play right here:
Here are the award categories this year:
Game startup 
 said it has raised a new round of funding for its 
 cloud gaming service from U.S. cable provider Charter Communications.
The new funding comes just a year after 
 in the United States and Europe. The amount of the investment wasn’t disclosed.
Blade, based in France and Mountain View, California, said the involvement of one of the largest U.S. cable operators is a key milestone in its development strategy. It will enhance its reach and support its expansion in the United States. Blade will be able to enhance its technology on an advanced fiber-based network, as well as create unique experiences targeting Charter’s 28 million customers.
“Working with this major technology leader is not just exciting for us as a company but it validates Blade’s technological achievements in the field,” said Asher Kagan, CEO of Blade, in a statement. “Our new partner shares the same vision, values and goals when it comes to the future application of cloud computing and how to scale the ecosystem. Charter is the missing communications link in our service delivery cycle and it is inspiring to be working with them.”
Above: Blade Shadow on a laptop.
The service allows you play high-end Windows 10 PC games on ordinary devices, such as a mainstream computer, an older PC, a big-screen smart TV, a laptop, a Mac, a tablet, or even a smartphone. 
, playing games such as Fortnite, Ghost Recon: Wildlands, and Project Cars 2 on a number of those devices. It was stunning to switch immediately from playing Ghost Recon Wildlands on a smartphone to a playing on a giant TV.
Blade believes it can charge $35 a month for the Shadow service. That’s a better bargain than spending $2,000 on a gaming PC every couple of years, Kagan told me earlier.
Blade launched the service in France in November 2017 and then did a soft launch in California earlier this year to make sure that its platform and the accompany data center infrastructure can handle the load. Shadow works on any Internet-connected device with a screen, turning it into a powerful, full-featured and always-upgraded computer, optimized for dedicated gamers.
The partnership is about combining specialized cloud processing with heavy-duty networking to deliver a powerful entertainment platform.
“Blade’s leading Cloud PC technology is at the forefront of enabling the next wave of immersive experiences for the consumer,” said Andrew Ip, senior vice president of emerging technology and innovation for Charter Communications, in a statement. “The Shadow experience is an example of the service set that can be enhanced by Charter’s state-of-the-art, fiber powered network. This combination will bring a superior experience to Shadow users on Charter’s network and further differentiate Charter from its competitors by extending powerful computing needs to our customers whether they be the most avid gamer or are simply looking for enhanced personal computing experiences.”
This investment will help the company grow as it continues to roll out new services and hire new talent in the U.S. and Europe.  Blade also recently announced the company is partnering with top gaming studios to grant Shadow users unique content from their titles.
Above: Blade’s Shadow
The first partnership will be with Ubisoft Nadeo Studio and its TrackMania 2 Stadium title. As part of the deal, Blade will give the full game for free to all users on its platform. The initiative also allows players to activate new in-game modes that empower them to create new and exciting ways to challenge their friends.
Blade also has a deal with Dallas-based esports organization Team Envy to bring the Shadow platform into a level of esport grade competition.
Blades wants Shadow to deliver a quality frictionless experience — high speed, low latency, data security, and up to 4K resolution — to all gamers, without the high upfront cost of an expensive gaming computer.
Blade was founded in France in 2015 to design and develop the future of the PC, with a simple vision: free users from the constraints of physical hardware by giving them access to a powerful, cloud-based computer.
Blade’s first product, Shadow, is a high-performance PC based entirely in the cloud. This ground-breaking service provides access to a fully featured high-end Windows 10 computer, via any Internet-enabled device, including a laptop, tablet, and smartphone. Free from hardware failures in Blade’s secure data centers, Shadow puts an end to obsolete devices, thanks to regular, no-cost updates of cutting-edge components.
Rivals such as Parsec and LiquidSky are also tapping the power of better infrastructure to deliver cloud-gaming services. Years ago, OnLive promised a similar revolution a decade ago, but its solution was expensive and required a lot of engineering work. The company ran out of money, was taken over by investors, and was 
. Sony, which operates the PlayStation Now cloud gaming service, bought OnLive’s assets.
Above: Blade’s Shadow could be targeted at Charter customers.
With Shadow, Blade is promising similar things such as high performance, cross-platform play, low latency, perfect graphic rendering, and data security — without the barrier of high upfront costs of expensive gaming computers.
Blade contends it can create the most complicated 4K image (fully compressing it) in under three milliseconds. It can do that because it captures the image while it is still being rendered inside the graphics chip, rather than at the time when it is outputting the image to a display. Capturing the image and delivering it in the right form to the right screen is the name of the game.
When it comes to comparisons to OnLive, Blade is better in part because the Internet is better than it was a decade ago. Blade requires a connection with the speed of 15 megabits a second, and sometimes as low as 5 megabits a second, for a stable connection. (In my area, Comcast delivers broadband at more than 100 megabits a second via cable modems). In that sense, Blade’s timing is better than OnLive’s.
As in 
, a number of 
 went down 
, and Europe was a popular destination for U.S. companies looking to bolster their technological arsenal.
Here’s a quick look back at some of the transatlantic deals that happened this year.
In October, Apple confirmed that it had 
, which uses computer vision and machine learning technology to remove the backgrounds from videos in real time — something that could be useful when integrated into the iPhone camera, for example. But really, it’s too early to know what will become of the technology under Apple’s stewardship.
Terms of the deal were not officially disclosed, but local newspaper 
 pegged 
.
Above: Shazam on smart TV
This was actually announced 
, but Apple’s $400 million bid to buy London-based audio-recognition platform Shazam 
, due in part to an anti-competition investigation 
 (EC). But the EC 
 in September that the acquisition could proceed, and Apple formally announced the conclusion of the deal a few weeks later.
While Apple has already committed to keeping the standalone Shazam app running, it’s likely that the technology will be integrated more deeply into Apple’s own products in the future.
This wasn’t a full acquisition, as such, but it’s worth noting anyway. Apple 
 to buy part of Dialog’s power-management chip business, which included licensing of Dialog’s technology, ownership of a handful of its European offices, and onboarding 300 of its engineers.
News of the deal came more than a year after 
 could replace Dialog Semiconductor’s power-management chips on the iPhone, a rumor that caused Dialog’s shares to plummet almost 40 percent.
Earlier this month, 
 that Apple had bought up London-based 
, a creative services firm for musicians.
Apple hasn’t confirmed specific plans for Platoon, but the startup specializes in developing artists to the point of signing record deals, along with support for touring, producing original content, and related marketing campaigns. Needless to say, Platoon will nestle nicely within Apple Music.
In July, Facebook 
 London-based startup Bloomsbury AI. Terms of the deal were not announced, but 
 the deal was worth up to $30 million.
Bloomsbury AI’s natural language processing (NLP) and machine reading technology can parse unstructured texts and documents in order to answer questions. In truth, this was more of an acqui-hire, with Bloomsbury AI electing to stop work on its core product, instead 
.
Google 
 that it had bought London-based GraphicsFuzz, a startup specializing in mobile graphics benchmarking tools.
As a result of the deal, the terms of which were not disclosed, GraphicsFuzz’s three-person team would join the Android graphics team to help integrate their driver-testing technology into “the Android ecosystem,” according to a statement Google issued at the time.
Above: Senua is an ordinary character, except for the blue tattoo.
Back in June, Microsoft 
 that it had bought five game studios, 
 U.K.-based Hellblade creator Ninja Theory.
Historically, Microsoft hasn’t operated many internal studios, which has prevented it from gaining access to first-party exclusives for the Xbox. Bringing five studios under its wing should go some way toward remedying that.
Constituting part of that same batch of acquisitions in June was 
, which later formed part of an exclusive PC and Xbox launch for Microsoft 
.
Above: Blue Vision Labs
Ride-hailing company Lyft, which is 
 its IPO for 2019, 
 in October that it was buying London-based augmented reality (AR) startup Blue Vision Labs.
With this acquisition, Lyft now has its first U.K. office, though there is no word on whether Lyft is any closer to launching its core ride-hailing service in the market. What the acquisition does, however, is bolster Lyft’s autonomous vehicle efforts, as Blue Vision Labs is now part of Lyft’s level 5 (fully autonomous) division for self-driving cars.
News emerged in March that Snap — the company behind Snapchat — 
 London-based PlayCanvas, maker of a web-focused gaming engine. However, the transaction seems to have actually taken place the previous year.
While unconfirmed, reports suggest that Snap could be looking for ways to bring some gaming features into the Snapchat app or possibly explore additional 3D or virtual reality (VR) features for its flagship app.
Above: iZettle
European Square rival iZettle was all ready to go public this year before PayPal swooped in and 
 — by far PayPal’s 
.
For PayPal, it’s all about increasing its payments presence in physical retail outlets, with iZettle operating in around a dozen European markets.
It is worth noting, however, that although the acquisition was completed, U.K. competition authority CMA 
 into the deal, meaning there could be some form of reversal in the future.
Way back in February, U.S. telecom company and internet provider 
 revealed 
 European fiber network operator Interoute in a deal worth $2.3 billion.
London-based Interoute already operated one of Europe’s biggest fiber networks, spanning more than 70,000 kilometers and 29 countries. In a nutshell, this purchase gave GTT an easy conduit to expand its network globally.
It may not be the most glamorous of sectors, but 
 is a 
. U.S.-based dog-sitting platform Rover 
 this year to spearhead its international expansion, which included 
.
Two-thirds of global pet food spend takes place in the U.S. and Europe, with 
.
Yes, canines are big business.
Huawei has had a tough year on a number of fronts, with 
 leading efforts to ban its networking equipment on cybersecurity grounds. But the Chinese giant hasn’t had a bad year in the consumer realm.
Today, Huawei revealed it has shipped more than 200 million smartphones in 2018, including its Honor sub-brand, confirming an 
. This represents an increase of roughly one-third from 2017, when it shipped 153 million.
According to Huawei, there are now 500 million Huawei phones in active use across more than 170 countries.
This year, Huawei also launched a number of well-received smartphones, including the flagships 
 and 
, which sported impressive cameras and 
.
That Huawei has broken the 200 million units barrier in a single calendar year should perhaps come as little surprise. Indeed, in 
 to become the number two smartphone maker globally, the first time in seven years that Samsung and Apple hadn’t held the top two positions. This was more than a blip, with Huawei 
.
It’s also worth looking at the company’s growth over a longer time frame — in 2010, Huawei shipped 3 million smartphones, and by 2015 it had passed the 100 million mark.
Above: Huawei smartphone growth: 2010 – 2018
While Samsung hasn’t revealed its number of shipments for 2018, a look at figures for Q2 and Q3 reveals that Samsung shipped on average at least 20 million more units than Huawei, so we might expect the Korean juggernaut to have dispatched somewhere in the region of 300 million units this year.
It’s not clear who will be the overall number two smartphone vendor in 2018, given that Apple shifted 10 million more units than Huawei in Q1, but based on the current trajectory it is more than likely Huawei will cement the position for 2019.
In fact, Huawei Consumer CEO Richard Yu said back in August that his company could possibly surpass Samsung by the end of 2019.
“I think it’s no problem that we become the global number two next year,” he said. “In Q4 next year, it’s possible we become number one.”
There’s a lot of money in robotics. The industrial machines market is forecast to be worth $41.23 billion by 2020, according to Grand View Research, with startups like 
 and RightHand leading the charge. But they’re not the only game in town.
Los Angeles’ Elementary Robotics today announced that it has raised $3.6 million in seed financing. The funding was led by Fika Ventures and Fathom Capital, with participation from a bevy of new investors, including Toyota AI Ventures, Ubiquity Ventures, Riot.vc, Osage University Partners, and Stage Venture Partners. It’s the company’s second round, following a pre-seed investment in October 2017. As part of the round, Fika’s Eva Ho will join the company’s board, sitting alongside Arye Barnehama, Elementary’s cofounder and CEO, and Idealab’s Bill Gross.
Barnehama — who previously built and sold wearable technology company Melon to Daqri, an industrial AR startup that has gone on to raise $275 million and that led Daqri’s hardware and design department — wasn’t willing to reveal much about Elementary Robotics’ product lineup just yet. But he believes that it’s positioned to become the “world leader” in next-generation assistive robotics, in part because of a proprietary vision stack with a lower bill of materials than many competing systems.
“[Our autonomous machines] will be lower-cost, human-safe, and driven by software innovations, such as machine learning, AI, and computer vision,” he said.
The plan is to offer a “full stack” robotic solution, from motor controls to an API that “enables machine learning from the ground up.” Barnehama says the company’s robots can learn to “easily” perform repetitive tasks and leverage a combination of RGB cameras, depth sensors, and AI to “perceive the world,” allowing them to learn from processes they observe.
Elementary Robotics certainly has the talent to deliver on that vision. It counts graduates and employees from JPL, Caltech, Qualcomm, and ArtCenter among its staff, all of whom are working on “cutting-edge” robotic systems that will one day augment human workers by performing a range of complex chores.
“We launched the first call with TRI’s mobile manipulation team to give talented entrepreneurs a nudge in both direction and capital to make assistive robots more useful, safe, and affordable,” Jim Adler, founding managing director of Toyota AI Ventures, said in a statement. “Arye and the Elementary Robotics team share our commitment to improving the quality of human life through AI and robotics. They have the talent, expertise, and vision to deliver on that commitment.”
With any luck, Elementary Robotics will succeed where Bosch’s 
 robot spinoff Mayfield Robotics and Honda’s 
 Asimo program failed — and perhaps capture some of the 
 venture capital committed to industrial and personal robotics startups two years ago.
 has announced that it’s bringing the 
 to virtual reality (VR) next year.
“Angry Birds VR: Isle of Pigs” will be available early in the new year across all the major VR platforms, according to Rovio.
The game is being developed in conjunction with Resolution Games, a Swedish studio that recently 
 to boost its VR and augmented reality (AR) game development. Indeed, Resolution Games was actually enlisted to help 
 to market last year — “Angry Birds FPS: First Person Slingshot” 
 glassed in October.
Rovio has actually developed an Angry Birds game for VR before. The Finnish company 
 of Angry Birds games on Samsung’s Gear VR back in 2016, but nothing further seems to have come of that foray.
“Angry Birds lends itself perfectly to VR, where players can experience the already highly engaging characters and gameplay mechanics in a much more tangible and immersive way than ever,” 
 Resolution Games CEO Tommy Palm. “Just as Angry Birds was applauded for its intuitive controls and gameplay on mobile, we feel Angry Birds VR: Isle of Pigs will continue that legacy for VR.”
While VR is increasingly infiltrating into all manner of domains, gaming (and porn!) 
. Angry Birds may not be the powerhouse it once was in the gaming realm, but it still counts 
, according to Rovio’s recent Q2 financials, while gaming represented the vast majority of the company’s $80 million revenue for the quarter. Thus, it makes sense that Rovio is pushing the Angry Birds brand in the VR sphere.
Temi, a robotics startup headquartered in New York, is betting big on its eponymous 
 telepresence product — and it’s taking new investors along for the ride.
The company — which also has a research and development lab in Tel Aviv and a manufacturing location in Shenzhen, China — today revealed that it has secured $21 million in series B financing led by John Wu, Alibaba’s former chief technology officer and a longtime existing investor, with participation by Generali Investments and Hong Kong internet of things and wellness giant Ogawa. Ogawa has agreed to partner with Temi to establish a marketing and distribution plan, with the ambitious goal of making the startup’s products available in over 180,000 points of sale around the world.
The upcoming Consumer Electronics Show in January will kick off Temi’s official launch, following limited availability at 15 locations in the U.S. and online. Temi’s series B comes after its parent company, Roboteam, raised $50 million from FengHe Investment Group and Wu three years ago and a $12 million round in 2015, and brings Temi and Roboteam’s total comined raised to $83 million.
“This investment aligns with our company’s strategy to broaden our global business with worldwide partnerships and to transition seamlessly and quickly from R&D phase to sales mode,” Yossi Wolf, Temi’s CEO and founder, said. “Temi incorporates unparalleled technology at a reachable price, making it the ultimate way for people to communicate … It will dramatically transform the way we conduct business and connect with loved ones from afar.”
Temi is something of a pivot for Roboteam, Temi’s parent company, which for the better part of eight years developed all-terrain robotic systems for military deployments. It’s a lucrative business — Temi’s defense contracts have generated over $100 million in revenue — but the way Wolf tells it, a consumer robot was always the endgame.
Above: Temi, along with its companion app.
“I’m an ’80s kid. I grew up dreaming of robots, like in the 
,” Wolf said. “It’s always been a desire of mine to make robots for the consumer and home space.”
Temi made its world premiere at a press event during IFA 2018 in Berlin, which was attended by VentureBeat. The 3-foot-tall, 4-wheeled robot sports a 10.1-inch QHD (2,560 x 1,600 pixels) IPS LCD touchscreen connected to a motorized bracket; a hexa-core ARM processor that powers an Android-based operating system; Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and cellular connectivity; a battery that lasts eight hours on a charge; and myriad sensors including four omnidirectional microphones, two infrared depth cameras, two RGB cameras (one 13MP sensor and one 5MP wide-angle sensor), five proximity sensors, six time-of-flight linear sensors, and an inertial measurement unit.
Leveraging the aforementioned sensors in addition to an in-house ARM-based PCB and lidar array, Temi can autonomously explores its surroundings and generate a 3D map, and in time start to “remember” particular locations. It’s even robust enough to follow a person through a room (by tracking their legs) while avoiding obstacles such as furniture, pets, and laundry.
On the software side of things, Temi is controlled in one of two ways: with an app or through voice recognition. Using the app, users dialing into its built-in teleconferencing software can speak through Temi’s color display and 20-watt Harman Kardon speakers. The voice recognition — powered by a homegrown assistant that currently supports English and Chinese — lets users within earshot instruct it to play music, pull up YouTube videos, search for restaurants, or get a weather forecast for the week ahead.
Temi supports virtually any Android app via a software development kit (SDK). And eventually, the robot will integrate more closely with Temi’s companion smartphone app — the team is working on an “activity history” timeline that shows past video sessions and voice search results, as well as a feature that lets video chat participants tap on a person to have Temi follow them around.
Temi will start at $1,500 — less than a typical MacBook, Wolf points out. Temi plans to ramp production up to as many as 30,000 units a month by the end of December, when preorders are expected to begin shipping in earnest.
For enterprises unaccustomed to digital outreach, devising a social-centric marketing strategy can be a daunting prospect. But it’s a necessary evil: According to a recent survey conducted by analysts at 
, 59 percent of global consumers use social media as a source of inspiration for purchases. The challenge, of course, is learning to leverage it effectively.
That’s where 
 comes in. The Chicago provider of social media marketing, analytics, and advocacy solutions today revealed that it has secured $40.5 million in Series D financing, led by the Future Fund, with significant contributions from Goldman Sachs and New Enterprise Associates. This brings the startup’s total raised to $103.5 million and comes after a $42 million Series C round led by Goldman Sachs in 2016 and an $18 million Series B round four years ago from New Enterprise Associates.
In the eight years since its founding, Sprout Social has managed to gain impressive traction in a highly competitive market. It recently passed 25,000 customers — including big brands like American Express, Pepsi, Hyatt, Steelcase, Titleist, Ticketmaster, Tito’s Handmade Vodka, Subaru, and Samsung — and 500 employees (that latter number is up 100 people since December 2017). Late last year, it acquired Simply Measured, a Seattle startup that helped brands gain insight into social media campaigns.
CEO Justyn Howard said the fresh funding will be used to accelerate the company’s plans for “deepened” platform capabilities and to fuel overseas expansion.
Above: Monitoring a Twitter campaign from within Sprout Social’s dashboard.
“Social marketing and social data have become mission-critical to virtually all aspects of business. Sprout’s relentless focus on quality and customer success have made us the top customer-rated platform in every category and segment,” he said in a statement. “In many ways, social is still in its infancy, and we’re fortunate to help so many great customers navigate this evolving set of challenges.”
Sprout Social, which was founded by Justyn Howard, Aaron Rankin, Gil Lara, and Peter Soung, offers a suite of analytics tools through its Simply Measured platform. From within a unified dashboard, customers can engage and collaborate with teams to coordinate publishing efforts and track metrics like engagement, impressions, and link clicks. A streamlined workflow enables managers to permission systems and assign tasks, while robust reporting features let them package analytics and social data in a range of formats.
Sprout Social offers a reporting API that plugs into other dashboards and products, like HubSpot. And in June 2017 it launched 
, a tool geared toward helping social media, customer service, and engagement teams create Twitter and Facebook bots for conversations in Direct Messages. Bots created with the Bot Builder can be brought directly into feeds — either by invitation or an ad unit — and can sell products, share links, take actions, and carry on a conversation.
Yet another Sprout Social offering — Bambu — recruits employees to share curated content across their social networks. It’s being used by the likes of CVS Health, Zendesk, Coldwell Banker, BlueCross BlueShield, and the City of Las Vegas.
“The Sprout team has built a remarkable company, evidenced not only by their performance but their focus on culture, quality, and their customers,” Jason Kreuziger of the merchant banking division at Goldman Sachs said of today’s news. “Since our initial investment in 2016, Sprout has continually demonstrated their ability to lead and transform this category through best-in-class technology, tremendous leadership, and their customer-centered approach.”
Esports pioneer 
 has started 
, which is developing products and services to help brands and other companies get into esports and gaming livestreaming. Popdog is announcing it has raised $9 million from Makers Fund, with participation from Korea Investment Partners.
The Los Angeles-based Popdog is targeting its work at brands, publishers, talent, teams, tournaments, and other stakeholders.
Garfield is best known for his work in building
 and 
 into big global esports organizations. He sold the teams’ parent company GoodGame to Twitch in 2014, and is now Popdog’s founder and CEO. He is the winningest individual team owner in esports history by prize money, and the only person to have won The International, esports’ most valuable tournament, twice.
India’s 
 will soon have a new entrant: Flipkart. The 
 company said today that it is working to launch an OTT service in the country.
Flipkart said it would partner with existing industry players to load up on content for the yet-to-be-named video streaming service. In a televised interview with Indian daily
, Flipkart CEO Kalyan Krishnamurthy 
, “We are not a content company as a DNA.” When asked about a timeline for the launch, and whether it would happen in the next year or two, Krishnamurthy said it would “hopefully [happen] before” that.
The planned launch of the video streaming service suggests a shift in strategy for the company, which in recent months has steered clear of experimentation with digital offerings. In its early years, Flipkart launched a music streaming service, an ebook store, and an in-app chat service, among other digital offerings. But most of those services failed to attract customers and have been shut down.
in 2017, Flipkart said it was 
 on a “mega” app that would offer customers a range of features, such as the ability to book a cab, order food, and plan a vacation. A year and a half later, the app is nowhere to be found. The company did not share an update when VentureBeat enquired about it last month.
Flipkart does need to strengthen its digital offering. Unlike Amazon, which offers its Prime customers a range of services (access to a video streaming service and a music streaming service), Flipkart has struggled to match such features to its customers. A recent report by research firm Barclays, a copy of which was obtained by VentureBeat, noted that Amazon was closing in on the lead that Flipkart has in India’s ecommerce market. A Flipkart spokesperson told VentureBeat that the company may position its video streaming service as a way to expand its “loyalty construct.” In fact, Flipkart recently launched loyalty service 
, but it is still in the early stages.
On paper, Flipkart seems well-positioned to build a viable video streaming service. The company already maintains a partnership with Rupert Murdoch-backed Star India’s Hotstar. In July, the two giants announced a video advertisement platform, dubbed Shopper Audience Network, to allow brands to target consumers with personalized ads on Hotstar’s service. According to 
, Flipkart has also expressed interest in buying a stake in Hotstar.
The company’s interest in video streaming comes as Indians are 
. Although most people in the country were once extremely conscious about spending their mobile data, things have rapidly changed in the last two years. This shift was kicked off when the nation’s richest individual, Mukesh Ambani, launched Reliance Jio, a telecom network offering low-cost LTE data to customers.
In the months since, video apps have exploded in popularity in India. Hotstar had over 150 million active customers as of July this year, and it set a global record for the most simultaneous views on a livestream. Google’s YouTube has also 
.
Originally promised back in June, a new Apple TV feature called 
 has finally gone live with its first cable company partner — Charter Spectrum — just in time to meet Apple’s “this year” deadline. But part of the promised functionality is missing, and will most likely be delayed until 2019.
During its annual 
 on June 4, Apple announced that tvOS 12 would include Zero Sign-On, a setting designed to dramatically simplify the app setup process for cable subscribers. Described as the next logical step after single sign-in, which unified multiple “TV channel” apps with the same login credentials, Zero Sign-On lets a cable subscriber simply hit a “continue” button to confirm that the Apple TV is using the provider’s network. Supported channel apps can then receive authorization without any additional effort on the user’s part.
tvOS was 
, and — as discovered by 
 — Apple TVs with Spectrum service now display the option to “sign in automatically” to the Spectrum TV service. The feature notably works even if you’re only a Spectrum internet customer and have no cable TV service through the company.
In its current implementation, Zero Sign-On appears in Settings > Accounts > TV Provider and, after confirming a Spectrum subscription, provides a gigantic list of supported apps that are either listed as Not Installed, Not Signed In, or allowed for access. Loading a supported app from the Apple TV’s Home screen or tapping on Not Signed In within Settings automatically signs you into an app, while tapping on a Not Installed app instantly brings you to the download page for the channel.
That’s most of what Zero Sign-On was supposed to do, but Charter Spectrum planned to go further, promising a TV app of its own to aggregate a user’s channels and content. As discovered by 
, Charter this week changed the app’s release date from “later this year” to “coming soon,” likely signaling that it wouldn’t become available in 2018 as expected. Whether the Spectrum app actually brings much more to the table remains to be seen, but it could provide access to a larger on-demand video library and/or pay-per-view features.
Regardless of what happens with Charter’s app, Zero Sign-On represents an intriguing step forward for simplified, network-based app authentication. Rather than the classic friction of forcing users to maintain separate accounts for each channel, or the more recent requirement that users supply a cable provider authentication code to link channel apps to a device, the Apple TV simply checks the current network to see who’s providing service. If the device isn’t on Spectrum broadband, a manual log-in option to confirm subscription status is provided.
Other cable providers will need to individually add support for the Zero Sign-On feature. Based on Apple’s track record, further announcements are likely to come either at SXSW in March 2019 or WWDC in June.
Silicon Valley remains the undisputed leader of the U.S. startup scene. But 2018 also left some investors envious of the exits taking place in other parts of the country — with Cisco acquiring Michigan’s Duo Security for 
 and SAP acquiring Qualtrics for 
.
This year proved that big exits in “nontraditional” tech hubs don’t just happen once in a blue moon. Rather, places like Ann Arbor and Salt Lake City are poised to produce even more industry leaders in fields they’re becoming known for (cybersecurity and enterprise software, respectively).
With that in mind, here are 10 U.S.-based startups outside of Silicon Valley that you will want to watch in 2019. Some have already reached a unicorn valuation, while some are just past the seed round. But they’ve all passed a significant milestone for startups in their city and/or industry.
: Lehi, Utah


: $57 million


: 150+


: Developer of a free, Venmo-like expense management app.


: A local investor 
 earlier this year that Divvy is “growing faster than any other company, from a revenue perspective, that we have invested in or even evaluated.” The company closed three rounds of funding in less than a year, due to high demand from investors. In 2018, Divvy added hundreds of customers every month (a spokesperson said that Divvy now has between 1,600 and 2,200 customers) and that number will likely only accelerate in 2019.
Columbus, Ohio 
 $177.5 million 
250+ 
Sells car insurance, with quotes generated using smartphone data.
2019 will be a critical year for Root — the company just joined the unicorn club this year, having raised $151 million in 2018. The pressure’s on now more than ever for Root to continue its breakneck growth — the company wrote $55.6 million in direct premiums between Q1 and Q3 2018. It also expects to be selling insurance in all 50 states plus Washington, D.C. by the end of 2019 — if Root is successful, that would be a big milestone.
Detroit, Michigan


$50 million 
600 
A self-described “stock market of things,” StockX facilitates the reselling of sneakers, watches, and other consumer goods at rates set by the market. StockX authenticates goods in-person before they are shipped to the buyer. 
When StockX raised its most recent VC round of $44 million in September, the company said it was facilitating a remarkable $2 million worth of transactions daily. After adding two new authentication centers in London and New Jersey this year, StockX is poised to see that number grow.
Los Angeles, California


$46 million 
 16
High school esports league. Students pay a $64 fee per season to participate, and its game lineup so far includes League of Legends and Rocket League. 
PlayVS just launched in January and remarkably raised both its Series A and Series B this year. The company plans to launch its inaugural esports season in February 2019 after having conducted a test run in five states, which will provide more insight into just how much potential the company has to shape the future of high school gaming.
Chicago, Illinois


$62.5 million 
450
A fullfillment service that allows companies to offer two-day shipping and streamline other inventory processes. 
ShipBob is the definition of a rocketship company. Its annual revenue (which surpassed eight figures in 2017) is on pace to grow 300 percent between 2017 and 2018, and the company went from 60 to 450 employees in about a year and a half. With Amazon‘s growth pressuring more and more businesses to improve their shipping options, fulfillment services like ShipBob will likely find themselves in demand in 2019.
 Raleigh, North Carolina


$22 million


55 
Developed a software platform that can integrate a number of smart home devices in senior living facilities. 
The company’s cofounder and CEO is Scott Moody, who helped develop Apple’s touch ID system. With one in five U.S. residents 
 by 2030, K4 Connect is serving a big market that has so far largely been ignored by technology companies. In 2019, K4Connect plans to introduce a home-based solution, as well, according to a spokesperson.
 New Orleans, Louisiana


$3 million 
17 
An online platform that simplifies the process of creating and maintaining a nonprofit (and will soon deploy an enterprise software solution).
Founder and CEO Sevetri Wilson claims to be the first woman of color to raise over $1 million in VC funding in New Orleans. Wilson, a nonprofit consultant, first created a product that allowed nonprofits to more easily incorporate and file for a 1023 form, which gets them a tax exemption. Then she added a SaaS service to assist nonprofits in complying with ongoing regulatory demands. ExemptMeNow currently counts over 5,000 nonprofits as customers, but it is planning on deploying an enterprise software solution more widely in 2019. The new offering will be aimed at cities, private foundations, and corporations. As part of this pivot, the company will also be rebranding as Resilia in 2019.
 Atlanta, Georgia


$1.25 million


6 
Developed a blockchain-enabled waste management solution that allows companies to send surplus food to nonprofits. Goodr charges companies a volume-based fee to use its service. 
Goodr just launched in 2017, but it already serves 250 businesses through eight enterprise customers — including Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta Airport, one of the largest airports in the country — and it now brings in a monthly recurring revenue of about $36,000. CEO and founder Jasmine Crowe says the company wants to be in 20 markets and reach $1 million in annual recurring revenue in the next two years (currently Goodr serves only businesses in Atlanta and Raleigh).
 Madison, Wisconsin


 $16 million


Approximately 15 
Develops on-the-ground weather sensors that collect weather data and sell it to agriculture and insurance companies. 
 In 2018, Understory secured a big partnership with Monsanto (which recently merged with Bayer) to install some of its stations in Monsanto’s fields in Argentina. CEO Alex Kubicek 
 that Understory is in talks to expand its partnership with Monsanto, which would be a big win. Understory also hopes to increase its number of weather stations installed from 500 to 5,000 in the next year, which would be a big milestone for the company.
 Indianapolis, Indiana


$14 million


16
Developed a dashboard that can be layered into existing enterprise software products to allow buyers and suppliers to collaborate on key metrics. 
MetaCX’s product is still in beta, and CEO Scott McCorkle is quite vague about what the company actually does. But it has raised one of the largest initial funding rounds for an Indianapolis startup. McCorkle, a former Salesforce marketing cloud chief, is well connected, and it shows in MetaCX’s list of investors — the round was led by Los Angeles’ Upfront Ventures — so it will be exciting to see what happens when MetaCX launches its product out of beta.
Updated with Goodr’s correct customer count.
It’s been proven time and time again that learning a new language is one of the best things you can do in order to keep your mind active and healthy. Of course, it also makes 
 far more enjoyable and productive if you’re able to speak the native tongue.
But far too many would-be language learners are understandably intimidated by the thought of learning a new language from scratch, and many of those who start wind up quitting when the going gets rough. 
 offers a revolutionary approach to language learning that will have you speaking like a local in no time, and right now a Lifetime Subscription is available for over 90 percent off its usual price at just $29.99.
Unlike most language education programs that rely on monotonous and boring memorization tactics and repetition, uTalk Language Education utilizes a unique blend of audio and visual tools so you can learn your new language of choice in a natural and enjoyable way.
This subscription lets you choose six languages from a growing library of 130 popular languages from across the globe — including Arabic, Cantonese, Danish, Dutch, English, French, German, Greek, Hindi, Japanese Turkish, and many more.
You’ll be learning real, practical vocabulary and sentence structures in ways that make you understand how your chosen languages are actually spoken in real life, and a series of native voice artists will help to ensure that everything from your basic vocabulary to the more nuanced elements of your accent are on point.
There’s no need to pick all six languages at once since there’s no time limit, and you’ll be able to access learning materials from any device on the go. There is also a series of entertaining and interactive games and activities that will help you stay on track, hit your goals, and find motivation along the way.
Stop dragging your feet and learn those languages that you’ve always wanted to learn. Usually priced at $389.94, a Lifetime Subscription to uTalk Language Education is available 
 — over 90 percent off its usual price for a limited time.
So much went so spectacularly wrong in so many ways for tech companies in 2018 that it was hard to keep track of all the horror shows.
Some stumbles were so epic — like those of Facebook, Twitter, Google, and Tesla — that they deserve their own postmortem. But these headliners overshadowed three companies whose crappy year has left them facing immense uncertainty heading into 2019:
The amazing thing about Snap is that we think things can’t get any worse, and then they do. The company’s stock managed to hit a new all-time low just last week, when it 
. In Q3, it 
 from the previous year. Snap revealed it is 
 related to disclosures from its IPO. And perhaps most troubling, it doesn’t really seem to have any plan for digging its way out and building a sustainable future. About the best news the company got this year was 
 had fallen so low it wasn’t worth shorting any more.
The year didn’t start off so badly for Yelp. The company seemed to be making progress with its plan to focus primarily on North America, after having largely pulled the plug on international operations. And it even received a bit of vindication last summer, when the 
supporting Yelp’s long-time argument that biased search results had made it nearly impossible to compete abroad. But then it missed some earnings targets in Q3, and its stock plunged 21 percent in November, leaving it currently down about 33 percent on the year. This prompted a mini shareholder revolt, with one major 
. A couple of years ago, widespread rumors suggested Yelp was on the verge of selling, but management turned things around just enough to keep it independent. Can the company restore investor confidence and climb back up again?
 Just as Big Blue seemed to be regaining some traction, 
 The company has been generating some much-needed buzz, thanks to its investments in AI, blockchain, and quantum computing. But the earnings miss — plus soaring debt loads — spooked investors, who were suddenly reminded that IBM had posted five straight years of revenue declines before 2018, and it raised questions about the leadership of CEO Virginia Rometty. The company is in the process of divesting about $1.8 billion worth of its software assets, which it can use to reinvest in new products. Of course, it made a blockbuster deal to acquire 
 Still, with its stock down 32 percent on the year, it’s not clear that IBM can stop the slide, even with its innovation agenda.
 was one of the major releases of 2016. The Square Enix and Eidos Montreal science fiction game envisioned a future where people augmented themselves with artificial body parts, such as powerful bionic limbs. The main character, Adam Jensen, helped root out a conspiracy against “augs,” or augmented humans, who received discrimination from “naturals.”
The video game raised questions about the 
 and just how far we can and should go when it comes to equipping people with artificial limbs and other improvements to their abilities. But in highlighting the humanity of the “augs,” the game showed empathy for people who need prosthetics to help them in their daily lives. It turns out that the future that Deus Ex designers predicted for 2027 is already here in some ways, with the advent of real-world bionic arms.
 has become the proud owner of a real-life bionic arm that is modeled on the one that Jensen uses in the video game. I loved that game, and what amazed me was how much of it was grounded in real science. The Deus Ex designers at Eidos Montreal used a 
 to design their world in the near future, and they sought a way to make that future happen.
Melville was born with only a left hand, and he became a tester and brand ambassador for a company called 
. A couple of years ago, 
 to create a real 
. And now, Melville is wearing a more advanced version of that arm, complete with customizable face plates that can make him look like Adam Jensen or Iron Man.
 in a video that captured what it was like to use the arm and how people react in a positive way when they find out it’s based on one of the coolest video game characters. I talked with Melville about the arm, his thoughts on the science and the science fiction behind it, and his hopes for how technology can help disabled people in the future.
We’re running this story on Christmas Eve because it’s an uplifting story about how technology can create a better life for people like Melville and how 
 a better world.
Here’s an edited transcript of our interview.
Above: Daniel Melville has some control of his bionic hand but not so much with the fingers.
 I’m a tester for a company called Open Bionics that makes 3D-printed prosthetic arms. In the last four years now, I’ve been going from tester to ambassador. I’ve traveled around the world doing events and stuff like that. I’ve been lucky enough to work with them doing all sorts of things. I’ve actually worked with Square Enix. I didn’t do any design work on this, but we worked closely with the Deus Ex team. That was about two years ago. Open Bionics, officially, this April — I’ve been able to keep my arm because it’s been medically approved, an upgraded version that’s called the Hero Arm.
 Yes, I was born with only my left hand. I’m using muscles in my forearm to control the prosthetic. It’s very similar to how you would put your arm out and move your fist upward and downward. You can feel the muscles in the top and bottom of your forearm. That’s how it works.
In the middle of the Hero Arm, you can press a button, and it will change the grip pattern. You can pick up something a bit heavier — like a box with stuff in it. Or if I needed to pick up a piece of Lego, say, I could change the grip pattern to pick up something smaller, instead of using all the fingers in one go.
Above: Adam Jensen is the hero of Deus EX: Mankind Divided.
 I can’t do individual fingers as yet, but with those grip patterns, it certainly helps me with day-to-day things. I can pick up to eight kilograms with the arm. If I want to hold a pencil, I can do that and draw with it, things like that.
 Yeah, massively. This is competing with bionic arms that are out there at the moment. When I was a kid, I had prosthetic arms that just didn’t do anything. They were just trying to make you look normal. And, well, what is normal these days? But it was very stale, in my eyes. It was just something I thought I had to wear, but I didn’t like it. It just made me feel more disabled.
 Yeah, I was with Open Bionics since day one. I’ve been their sort of lab monkey for the last four years. Being a big gamer, when I read the documents and learned they were working with Square Enix, to me that was — oh shit, I didn’t think this was going to happen.
 Growing up a science fiction fan, with 
 and all that kind of stuff, I didn’t think this kind of technology would be happening in my lifetime. It’s obviously mostly in films like that, set in the far future. Now, it’s weird to be in that reality. I’m actually living that reality now.
Above: Daniel Melville can pop out the face plates on his arm and customize it with an Iron Man plate if he wishes.
 The reason I got into it, mainly, is because when I was a kid, I would have wanted something like this. Now, it’s happening and that’s great because I’m helping the future happen. But what I am now seeing is that people are — even if it is seen as a joke, people are saying things like, “I’d cut my right arm off to have something like this.” More and more people want to advance themselves. “Why would I want a plain old hand when I could have a bionic arm?”
The technology isn’t quite there yet in those terms, of course. Punching through a wall like Adam Jensen — it’s not far off, from what I’ve seen, but it’s not there yet. But it is scary, the fact that the game just seems like a crazy concept at first, and now, this might actually be a reality, where people augment themselves because they want to run faster or do something better. It’s a bit of a scary thought, really.
 Yeah, I completely agree. At first, it didn’t really come across to me like that. It was the last year or so, where things have become more and more advanced. At one point, people would have been crazy to do it, but now — people are talking seriously about this now. That’s the way it seems to be heading.
 Recently, I’ve been drawing a lot with my bionic arm, getting into that. I still can’t feel anything on that side, although maybe in the near future, hopefully, you’ll be able to actually feel when you touch something. I’ve been practicing drawing with the arm, and I’m actually getting better at drawing with my right than with my left, which is a bit of a worry [
]. And just everyday stuff. Without the arm, I’m still myself, but with the arm, it gives me, quite literally, that extra hand. Pardon the pun, but it’s true.
Above: One day, Daniel Melville hopes he can get fine motor control with his fingers using an artificial limb.
 What I meant was, I can’t move the fingers individually, but with the muscle control, I can open and close the hand, pinch stuff and whatnot.
 It could be possible in the future. I’m not quite sure as yet. The next thing I want is haptic feedback, actually being able to feel stuff. If I’m holding a boiling hot coffee in my bionic arm, I can’t feel anything, so I have no idea if I’m melting my arm, which is kind of funny. For me, that’s the next step, being able to feel a handshake and whatnot.
Above: From 2016: Open Bionics, Razer, and Eidos Montreal show off a Deus Ex prosthetic arm.
 That’s one way. A way I’ve seen a few people do it is being able to touch certain muscles that correspond to a certain finger. I’m not quite sure how that works, but I’ve seen a few things about it.
 With the way Open Bionics is going, it isn’t just about the functionality. It’s about the appearance. These new arms — you can take the covers off of it. I’ve got the Jensen arm covered, but I can take that off and put other covers on with different colors and the like. I’m actually allowed to say this now, but I’ve been working with Disney. They have three new skins coming out, new covers — an Iron Man one, a Star Wars BB-8 one, and a 
 one. For kids, being able to not only do stuff with their arm, but to have this cool arm on — I’m not a fan of 
, but if you’re a kid and that’s one of your favorite films, that’s pretty epic, to be honest.
Above: Daniel Melville donned his bionic arm with an Adam Jensen outfit from Deus Ex.
I met quite a lot of the game designers, although it’s been a while now. Shaking their hands with an arm that’s in their video game was a bit surreal for them [
]. This thing that was once part of a computer game is now a reality. That was a bit crazy. They got quite emotional. I didn’t know what to think at first, but they’d come a long way with the Deus Ex games. Seeing what they’d made for a video game now become reality was emotional, a bit overwhelming.
 In U.K. terms, when I was a kid, I always wanted a bionic arm because it was science fiction. But they were maybe 50 grand for the arm, and when you started growing, you couldn’t wear it anymore because you needed a new one, a bigger one. That was a ton more money. Open Bionics is looking to bring it down to even lower costs in the future, but right now, it’s about just under 10,000 pounds in the U.K., which is a big difference in terms of price.
 Yeah. In the near future, with the way that’s going — I’ve even started my own 3D printing business from home as well, which just got started. I fell in love with the concept. At first, I thought if I’m going to have a 3D-printed bionic arm, I might as well learn about how it works — both the arm and the 3D printing — and it’s been really interesting.
With 3D printers becoming more mainstream, you might have people 3D printing their own fingers from home, you know? Snap a finger off the arm and just print the new part. I’m not sure that will quite ever happen, but it’s a cool concept, to imagine that one day I could be chopping an onion, cut off part of my finger, and just print myself a new one.
Costs could hopefully come down even more, but it just depends on how things in the industry are changing. 3D printing is becoming more and more popular, and people are becoming more aware of it, especially in the medical field today. You have people printing not just upper- and lower-limb prosthetics, but ear prosthetics and so on. It’s a huge industry, and it has the potential to do so much.
Above: Daniel Melville’s bionic arm blends into the environment.
 I don’t get paid for what I do with Open Bionics. I just love doing it. I love going around and teaching people about it. My main work is starting my own small business in 3D printing. I teach kids and families how 3D printers work, about my arm. I’m a designer as well. I’m not amazing like a game designer, but I do my own design work, and I teach kids about what they can make themselves. Hopefully, I can encourage them to go into the design industry or the medical field. That’s where I’ve found my focus for now.
 Yeah, I think so, especially in terms of the Deus Ex arm. The original one, which you probably saw, has changed a lot. The covers are now the Deus Ex covers, but it’s also a different hand, different motors, and everything else. One day, I could be Jensen, or I could have no cover at all, or I could have an Iron Man cover. That’s pretty cool.
 I love playing all kinds of video games, but to have a protagonist character with prosthetics, or what they call them in the game, augmentations — seeing this character with these cool bionic arms and stuff like that, that’s a really cool concept. I kind of fell in love with the game anyway because of the art style, because of the story, because of Jensen himself. “I never asked for this,” and whatnot.
I never had a character to look up to in a video game like that, and now, we’re seeing games like Overwatch, with Junkrat and McCree, characters with bionic arms and legs and stuff like that. But for a time, that was the only character I could look up to. For me, he’s been like a personal hero. Apart from that, I did ask for this arm, and he didn’t. That’s a bit different [
]. And I don’t have a nano-blade or a taser in my knuckles. Maybe one day, but for now, perhaps it’s best that I don’t have them. I could get myself in trouble.
I’m really looking forward to Cyberpunk 2077 as well. That looks really cool. It’s another game I’d get on board with if I could. The other one I’d been looking forward to is Devil May Cry 5, with Neo Dante’s cool bionic arm. It’s great seeing all these characters with bionic prosthetics. For kids to see these characters in video games kick ass is the best thing I’ve ever seen.
 I know it make take a little bit of time, and some of the guys that worked with it are on some other games for now. But they’ve promised me and a lot of other people that the franchise isn’t dead. It’s just going to come back not quite so soon as people might want it to.
 In the last year since I’ve really gotten involved with Open Bionics, I’ve seen other people with — I made friends with a guy called James Young in the U.K. who lost his lower leg and upper arm being hit by a train. He’s got the Metal Gear Solid arm. He was already very into the science and so on, and it’s been interesting to learn about body hacking.
I want to get more of an idea about how other people perceive what we’ll be doing in the future. I don’t just want to be a pretty face at the end of the day. Because I test this thing, I want to understand it. I don’t just want to be the guy who stands there saying, “I have no idea what I’m doing apart from I have this great arm.” [
] There’s still so much for me to learn. I’ve been able to meet some great people.
My personal hope is that things can get better to a point where people can 3D print the arms from home, but for now — I know that the original Open Bionics arm was open source, so you can actually print and build it from home. In third-world countries, especially places that have been at war, it would be great to see people be able to have one for free. I know that’s a hard ask, but in the near future, it could potentially help a lot of people. It all comes down to money, unfortunately.
When I think about 2018’s role-playing games, I don’t see lots of bombast and flash. Blockbuster studios often stayed away. Square Enix’s main offerings this year weren’t triple-A releases. You didn’t see anything from BioWare, and Bethesda’s Fallout 76 sure doesn’t feel like an RPG to me.
Instead, we got smaller (in graphical flash, motion capture, and other blockbuster bullet list items), tighter games. I’d argue that these were more intimate tales. We got a new Dragon Quest, a new Pillars of Eternity, and a new Bard’s Tale. Pathfinder got its first proper turn-based PC RPG, and Monster Hunter: World gave us that triple-A flash. Pokémon made its Switch debut in a smaller, even cuter package.
And we saw a host of excellent indie releases and ports — far too many for one person to play.
Many of these were good, if not excellent games. My favorite release of 2018 is an RPG, and my children got more joy out of watching me play such games than I could believe. We might not have something with the production values of The Witcher III or Final Fantasy XV, but dang it, we got soul. I’ll take that over fancy-smancy graphics any time.
Let’s take a look at the game I felt worked and those that didn’t.
These are my favorite RPGs of 2018. They tell fantastic stories, pose interesting combat situations, and have engaging character development (either through story or through stats).
Above: Eora’s vivid pantheon.
 Obsidian Entertainment


 Versus Evil, Obsidian Entertainment


 PC
This is my favorite game of 2018, and it might be my favorite game from Obsidian Entertainment. In my review, I noted how at its best, it’s like a Choose Your Own Adventure novel as you are persuading your allies on how you want to deal with the machinations of the world’s gods … or mocking them.
Above: Yes, one of Dragon Quest XI’s main characters, Sylvando, turns into a Mardi Gras float.
Square Enix


 Square Enix


 PC, PlayStation 4
The latest in this 32-year-old series is a legend in my household for the butt-slamming arena grapplers (at least as far as my children are concerned), Dragon Quest XI is the best Japanese role-playing game of 2018. It tells a moving story, and I can’t remember the last time an RPG had me caring about its characters so much. Sylvando is a pillar of cheerful strength, and even when he gets down, it’s not for long. The turn-based combat provides plenty of options as you mix-and-match abilities and party members. You can craft gear as well. And who can resist those cutesy slimes. If you enjoy old-school JRPGs, be sure to give it a go.
Above: The Bard introduces different scenes depending on where you are in the story.
InXile Entertainment


 InXile Entertainment


 PC
In the 1980s, I was more into The Bard’s Tale and Might & Magic than I was Ultima or Wizardry. I’ve been waiting for decades for a return to Skara Brae, and InXile Entertainment delivered. It doesn’t have spinner traps or groups of 99 berserkers, but it does have a fantastic modern adaptation of the classic series. Combat is now on a grid, and your bard’s abilities are crucial to victory (and fun, too, like throwing drinks during battle). It also has the best, most difficult puzzles of any RPG that came out this year.
Above: Books of Demons feels like papercraft Diablo.
Thing Trunk


 Thing Trunk


 PC
This little gem came out earlier this month. It’s bite-sized Diablo with a papercraft look, and it’s a joy to play. You can choose the dungeon level’s size before you go in, and as your character moves about the halls, they kinda hop they are paper, after all). Like Diablo, many areas have a boss-like creature (though Book of Demons’ monsters are on the funny side), and the game carries a tongue-in-cheek attitude. It’s fun, and I’m looking forward to playing more of it in the coming weeks.
Above: Battletech’s tactical combat. A mech can jump to higher ground, but the red lines indicate whose line of fire it’ll be in if it does.
Harebrained Schemes


 Paradox Interactive


 PC
Mechs and mercs — that’s the deal here in Battletech. A human empire is falling apart, and its noble houses are fighting over the scrapes. That’s where you come in. The tactics and strategy needed to clear each map is challenging, and the story intrigues me as we see these nobles fighting over the corpse of an empire. It doesn’t have the same level of RPG character development as Pillars of Eternity II offers, but it does provide several paths for boosting your pilots and improving your mechs. And I found this doesn’t matter, as stomping around and blasting foes with your giant metal monstrosities is just a hoot.
Above: James is a pottymouth.
Game Freak


 Nintendo, The Pokémon Company


 Switch
Pokémon has never been my thing, and 
. But this time around, I couldn’t deny Pikachu’s cuteness. I found myself enjoying most of my time in Kanto. I loved “throwing” the PokéBall to capture critters, and you can do this with the Joy-Cons as well. The random battles are gone, replaced by actual Pokémon on the map that you encounter to capture. You fight other trainers, too. It has that light tone you find in the cartoons and the other games, and it was a joy to play with my kids. I’m looking forward to the next Pokémon coming to the Switch now.
French startup 
 has raised $3.3 million in seed funding for a new kind of optics-based hardware technology that improves data processing for artificial intelligence.
Leveraging compressive sensing, LightOn said its hardware and software can make AI computations both simpler and orders of magnitude more efficient. The technology, licensed by PSL Research University, was originally developed at several of Paris’ leading research institutions.
For the past few months, LightOn has allowed a select group of beta customers access to its Optical Processing Units (OPU) through the LightOn Cloud, thanks to a partnership with OVH, Europe’s leading cloud provider. First users from both academia and industry have already successfully demonstrated impressive results on this hybrid CPU/GPU/OPU server, which has outperformed silicon-only computing technology in a variety of large-scale machine learning tasks.
The Paris-based company has raised money from technology-focused venture funds, including 
 and 
, which is headed by Greg Castle. Christophe Jurczak, managing partner at Quantonation, will join LightOn’s board.
Typical use cases currently include transfer learning, change point detection, and time series prediction.
Above: LightOn’s team in Paris.
LightOn’s CEO, Igor Carron, runs a large European meetup for AI and popularizes his work through the AI research blog 
“It’s an exciting time as artificial intelligence develops rapidly,” Carron said in a statement. “The requirements as usage scales necessitate improved power efficiency and performance. LightOn’s technology addresses these monumental challenges.”
Carron is joined by three cofounders with academic recognition: Laurent Daudet, now CTO at LightOn and an expert in signal processing; Sylvain Gigan, who provides the optics expertise; and Florent Krzakala, who coordinates the machine learning efforts at LightOn.
“We’re very excited at Quantonation to have the opportunity through this investment to support an amazing founding team with extremely impressive academic credentials, as well as a deep understanding of the challenges facing current computing paradigms for Machine Learning,” said Jurczak, in a statement. “We believe that any solution that is not energy-efficient will face huge difficulties to scale at some point, and that’s one of LightOn’s key value propositions. Their technology is already available and will for sure be a key enabler present in future HPC devices on premise, as well as cloud-enabled servers for machine learning.”
This seed funding will accelerate both core technology development and the LightOn Cloud product to bring LightOn’s optical technology in large scale machine learning computations to the 
. Developers interested in testing the capabilities of the new platform for potential deployment can visit LightOn.io and join the wait list.
The company was previously funded by the founders and government grants, and it has 10 employees.
Samsung’s 
 gets a bad rap sometimes, and not always undeservedly. It isn’t as knowledgeable as the Google Assistant or as platform-agnostic as Amazon’s Alexa. In fairness, however, it has come a long way since its debut on the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus in 2017.
Bixby’s available in more places (over 200 countries) and on 
 
 devices than it used to be — like Samsung’s Family Hub 2.0 refrigerators and the Seoul company’s latest-gen Smart TV lineup. (Early next year, the first-ever smart speaker with Bixby built in — the Galaxy Home — will join the club.) On the features front, Bixby has learned to speak new languages, like German, French, Italian, and Spanish. Moreover, thanks to a newly released developer toolkit (
) and a digital storefront (Bixby Marketplace), it supports a greater number of third-party apps and services than ever before.
But what can Bixby do, exactly? An overwhelming number of tasks and chores, as it turns out — Samsung claims it recognizes over 3,000 commands. To help simplify things, we’ve put together a quick starter guide for Bixby. It’s not exhaustive, but with any luck, it’ll help you get a handle on the do-it-all assistant’s basics in no time.
For all intents and purposes, Bixby Voice is Samsung’s answer to Alexa, Cortana, and Apple’s Siri. That is to say: It’s a (mostly) intelligent assistant that responds to commands
It’s easy to get Bixby Voice up and running on the 
, 
, and 
. Simply press and hold the dedicated Bixby button on the left side (below the volume rocker) for a few seconds and follow the on-screen prompts. Alternatively, head over to Bixby Home — the left-most dashboard on the phones’ home screens — by quickly touching the Bixby button and launching the More Options menu, the latter of which is designated by a three-dot icon in the upper right-hand corner. Then, touch Settings and toggle on the Bixby Voice slider.
In either case, you’ll have to sign up for a Samsung account if you haven’t already. And you’ll be asked to enroll in Samsung Rewards, a program that offers digital “experience points” — which can later be traded in for gift cards and coupons — in exchange for using Bixby to accomplish certain tasks, such as making a call, sending a message, or changing a setting.
If hands-free commands are more your style, pull up Bixby Home, open the More Options menu, touch Settings > Voice wake-up, and toggle on the top-most slider. Then complete the instructions, after which you’ll be offered the option of recording or re-recording, listening to, or deleting the wake-up command.
Getting Bixby’s attention on non-phone devices isn’t more complicated, per se — just different. On newer Samsung Smart TVs, press and hold the microphone button on the included remote control. And on the Family Hub, say “Hi Samsung” or “Hi Bixby” within earshot of the refrigerators’ microphone array. (To customize the wake word on any Hub, navigate to Settings > Voice > Wake Word
)
Bixby 2.0 — the next-gen version of Bixby that Samsung previewed at Mobile World Congress 2018 in March, and which launched alongside the Galaxy Note9 in August — has been improved in several key ways. It now has better natural language processing, faster response times, and built-in noise reduction tech that together significantly enhance its phrase and word comprehension skills.
It’s also more conversational. When you ask it about upcoming concerts around New Year’s, for example, it’ll remember the date range when looking for tickets in the future. It knows your preferences — when you request that Bixby book a restaurant, it’ll infer the size of your party and the time based on past reservations. And it can make recommendations based on your previous searches.
Bixby, like any modern voice assistant, recognizes requests to add items to your calendar, queue up tunes, place calls, and launch apps, and it can answer basic questions about sports scores, movie showtimes, business hours, and more. Here’s a sampling to try:
When it comes to reminders, there’s the self-descriptive Bixby Reminders app, which is basically a souped-up, contextual clipboard for web, email, video, and photo content. It’s where you can set notifications to arrive on a given date or when you reach a geofenced location, and where you can link to a video you plan on picking up later.
To add an item to Bixby Reminders, try saying something like “Bixby, remind me to pick up the milk, eggs, and bread when I leave work” or “Bixby, remind me to pay this month’s rent next week.” Voice, it’s worth noting, isn’t the only way to create new reminders — they can be entered directly into the Reminder app or created via Android’s native Share menu or the shortcut buttons in native Samsung apps like Phone and Messenger.
Above: Using Bixby on the Samsung S8 is similar to using Siri on an iPhone.
Bixby’s third-party services support isn’t as robust as, say, Alexa’s, but it’s getting better. So far, Samsung’s assistant works with dozens of apps through Bixby Labs, an early access portal for new features. Here’s a partial list:
Now, here’s where Bixby has a leg up on the competition: It’s able to perform highly specific commands involving multiple steps. As if by magic, Bixby can automatically launch an invoked app, navigate to the appropriate screen, and complete the requested action. Here are a few examples:
Bixby’s a certified polyglot — as of publication time, it’s fluent in 
 English, Korean, Chinese, Spanish, German, French, Italian, and Spanish. The Galaxy Note9 is a prerequisite where the last four are concerned, for now — support for Romance languages hasn’t come to the Galaxy S8, S8 Plus, S9, or S9 Plus just yet — but Samsung says it plans to expand device support to more languages “over time gradually.”
No matter which device you’ve got, switching Bixby’s native tongue isn’t terribly complicated. Launch Bixby Home, and then tap the More Options button. Navigate to Settings > Language and Speaking Style, touch Languages, and select your dialect preference.
That menu’s also where you can select a different speaking style for Bixby if you so choose. Within the Language and Speaking Style menu, tap one of the three options: Stephanie, John, or Julia.
Ever wonder which requests you made of Bixby yesterday? The day before? A week ago? Good news: Samsung’s assistant has a nifty feature — Bixby History — that saves up to seven days’ worth of commands (and replies) for posterity. It also lets you delete commands, or add a Quick Command, a phrase that kicks off a multistep process. (For example, “Create my emoji” could launch the camera app and pull up Samsung’s AR Emoji tool in one fell swoop.)
To access Bixby History, tap the physical Bixby button. Next, head to More Options > My Bixby > History, and 
 — you’ll see a list of utterances in chronological order, along with quick links (Suggest another phrase) to correct any misinterpretations.
Zapping commands from the list is easy — tap the Delete button in the upper-right-hand corner of the screen and the radio icons next to items you’d like erased from Bixby History. To add Quick Commands, meanwhile, touch the Add quick command button under the utterance you’d like to associate with a shorter word or phrase. It’ll prompt you to say the new Quick Command, after which you’ll be able to save it by touching the Save button, or re-record it.
Bixby Voice plays nicely, unsurprisingly, with Samsung’s SmartThings platform of connected wireless lightbulbs, deadbolts, ovens, thermostats, dishwashers, dryers, and other smart home devices.
On the Galaxy S8, S8 Plus, S9, S9 Plus, and Note9, you’ll need the SmartThings app to take advantage. It should be preinstalled, but if for some reason you can’t find it, search for it in the Google Play Store or the Samsung Galaxy Apps marketplace and install it.
When you launch the SmartThings app for the first time, pop-up windows will alert you to connect all detected SmartThings devices. Do that, and you’ll be ready to start orchestrating SmartThings devices with voice.
With Bixby Voice and SmartThings, you can add modes, activate appliance functions, change the color of lights, check a sensor’s battery level, turn down the temperature, and more, providing you’ve got the requisite hardware. Give these commands a go:
Above: Using Bixby vision on the Samsung Galaxy S8+ camera.
Bixby Vision, much like Google’s eponymous Google Lens or Amazon’s Flow, taps computer vision to recognize and classify objects in photos.
Thanks to partnerships with Vivino, Amazon, Nordstrom, Sephora, Cover Girl, Elle, Laneige, FourSquare, and Pinterest, Bixby Vision can scan QR codes and show relevant product listings, recommend wine, and display the calorie counts of food. It can translate text and let you virtually “try on” makeup products — and, thanks to Adobe’s integrated document scanning technology, extract text from receipts and business cards.
Bixby Vision is only supported on the Galaxy S8, S8 Plus, S9, S9 Plus, and Note9. There are a couple of ways to launch it, but the easiest is by tapping the Bixby button in the camera app or the Bixby Vision icon on the left side, or by touching the Bixby Vision shortcut in the Gallery app.
If you’re traveling abroad, what better way to suss out the meaning of foreign signage than with your phone?
Bixby Vision’s augmented reality translation works more or less like comparable tools in Google Translate and Microsoft Translate. Simply fire up Bixby Vision, select the target language, and line up the text you want transcribed in the on-screen box. You’ll get an overlayed translation in real time, if all goes well.
Want to convert that text to an editable format? No problem. Within Bixby Visions’s Text Mode, look for the circular logo underneath containing the letter “T.” Tap it, and Bixby will do its darndest to extract the print or handwriting.
Can’t be bothered to trade your comfy PJs for jeans, but itching to find a new favorite lipstick, eyeliner, foundation, or mascara? Not to worry. Bixby Vision — with content providers Cover Girl, Elle, Laneige, and Sephora — has you covered, thanks to tech from L’Oréal company ModiFace.
From within Bixby Vision’s SnapChat lens-like Makeup Mode
you’ll see a number of brands to choose from. Select one, and tap a product from the carousel to digitally apply a product to any face within view of your phone’s front-facing camera. You can “try on” products individually or choose from completed makeup looks that include lipstick, eyeliner, blush, and more.
If the mix isn’t to your liking, starting fresh isn’t as arduous as rubbing off the real stuff — simply tap the circular arrow icon. And when you find something you like, you’ll be able to purchase it through Bixby Vision. Snapping a selfie saves it to your gallery and surfaces info about the products you “tried on,” including brand names, descriptions, price, and a link to the online listing.
If foundation isn’t your thing, how about something potentially less fraught — like libations? Thanks to Samsung’s ongoing collaboration with wine database Vivino, a quick label scan is all it takes to yield reviews, grower and grape info, and more.
And if wine doesn’t float your boat, how about Bixby Vision’s product search feature — Bixby Shopping — that incorporates retailers like Amazon, Lowes, Sam’s Club, Walmart, and Nordstrom. When Bixby Vision spots clothing, shoes, movies, home decor, books, or other things it recognizes, tapping the shopping cart icon surfaces matching results.
Is that salad you ate for lunch 
healthy, or are there hundreds of empty calories lurking in the ranch dressing? Bixby Vision promises to get to the bottom of things — in theory, at least.
Bixby Vision’s calorie-counting feature can identify foodstuff like steak, pizza, salmon, and sushi and match it with a generic listing in Samsung’s nutritional database. The company makes no claims that it’ll chip away at your waistline — Bixby Vision can’t identify multiple items on a plate, and it doesn’t always guess entrees correctly — but the data’s helpfully ingested by S Health, Samsung’s wellness and activity-tracking app, where it’s shown alongside your estimated daily calorie burn.
Above: Bixby Home on the Samsung Galaxy S8.
We’d be remiss if we didn’t briefly mention Bixby Home, a “social stream for your device.” It’s a dashboard of reminders and social media updates collated in cards that can be dismissed, pinned, or permanently hidden.
By default, Bixby Home shows upcoming appointments, photos you’ve snapped this week, tomorrow’s weather, the number of steps you’ve taken, breaking news events, Facebook status updates, YouTube videos, new LinkedIn posts, and more. According to Samsung, it looks for patterns in your app usage by time and location to predict what you’re looking for — so when you head to the gym, for example, you might see your playlist and Samsung Health.
Bixby Home doesn’t match alternatives like Google Now when it comes to app support, but major players like Twitter, Spotify, and Flipboard are present and accounted for. Each displays swipeable “cards” containing highlights like trends, recommendations, and recent activity.
Home can be customized, to a degree. Head to Bixby Home and tap the Menu Button in the upper-right-hand corner, and then touch Settings
Tap Cards
and then the toggles corresponding with the card you’d like to remove from Bixby Home.
To pin a card so that it’s always visible, tap the Menu Button on the card you want to pin and touch Pin to Top. (To unpin it, select the Menu Button and tap Unpin
) To change Bixby Home’s background, tap the Bixby Home Menu Button
touch Settings, and select Background color. Select the color you want to use, and tap Apply.
If you’d rather not bother with Bixby Home, you can disable it altogether by pressing and holding anywhere on your phone’s home screen, swiping to the right to reach the left home panel, and switching the toggle next to Bixby Home.
A new spinoff from Google parent company Alphabet aims to revolutionize energy storage with a novel “grid-scale” architecture that relies on a mix of molten salt and antifreeze. After first emerging as Project Malta in 2017, the graduate of Alphabet’s experimental 
 is now an independent company called 
Alphabet characterized the move announced today as a first step toward commercialization. In the coming months, Malta will build a megawatt-scale pilot plant while it continues to engage with experts in the “utilities, grid, and power industries” to determine ways its technology might be implemented in future products.
The news comes after 
 this summer suggested Alphabet was in talks with Bill Gates’ Breakthrough Energy Ventures to spin out Malta. The 
 fund, which launched in 2016 and whose investors include Kleiner Perkins’ John Doerr, Jeff Bezos, Ray Dalio, Michael Bloomberg, Jack Ma of Alibaba Group fame, and Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff, led Malta’s $26 million Series A, with participation from other investors, including Hong Kong-based wind and solar power developer Concord New Energy Group and Swedish industrial company Alfa Laval.
“Our investors share our vision to create a scalable storage solution that will facilitate further expansion of renewable energy while improving grid stability and resilience across the globe,” said Malta CEO Ramya Swaminathan. “Beyond capital investment, they are truly partnering with us to build a first-of-a-kind product. We appreciate their confidence in our strategy and in our team’s ability to execute on it.”
Malta’s tech is based on a theoretical system designed by Stanford physicist and Nobel Prize winner Robert Laughlin, who showed that electricity could be, in theory, stored for days — or even weeks — as heat in molten salt and as cold in antifreeze. The system uses cheap, readily available materials, such as salt, steel, and air, in addition to a new engineering approach that reliably “time shifts” the energy from when it’s produced to when it’s needed most.
“Salt has been used for thousands of years to preserve and store things, but only within the last decade did we see its potential to transform the way we store energy too,” Alphabet’s X team wrote in a Medium post. “[We’re] looking forward to cheering [Malta] on as an independent company focused on developing an affordable and reliable way to store renewable energy — something that requires partners with very specialized skills and expertise.”
Here’s the gist: Electrical energy is collected from a renewable source or the power grid and used to drive a heat pump, which converts it into thermal energy by creating a temperature difference. Then the heat is stored in the molten salt, while the cold is stored in antifreeze. When electricity is required, the temperature difference is converted back to electrical energy by a heat engine and supplied to the grid.
A key patent for the energy storage technique was issued in April, according to Laughlin, who revealed details of the project’s work during a talk at Stanford in May.
Malta’s goal, ultimately, is to create a product capable of storing energy for longer than is possible with lithium-ion batteries at prices competitive with pumped hydroelectric, the cheapest large-scale form of storage today, according to 
.
Project Malta is the latest in a slew of projects to emerge from Alphabet’s moonshot factor, which is also responsible for Project 
, a drone delivery service designed to improve access to goods, and 
, a balloon network that beams internet service to remote areas. That’s not to mention driverless car company Waymo, which this year launched a commercial taxi service; life sciences company Verily; geothermal energy division Dandelion; and cybersecurity intelligence offshoot Chronicle.
‘s Gameloft mobile gaming division has agreed to acquire 
, the maker of the 
, for an undisclosed price.
New York-based FreshPlanet has just 15 employees, but it has made a big noise in the mobile game business with SongPop and SongPop 2, which are the biggest music trivia games with more than 100 million downloads to date. The deal represents a first for Gameloft as it is the first acquisition since the mobile game company started in 2000. It only became possible to do the deal after
 of Ubisoft, the big French video game company.
Founded in 2009 by brothers Mathieu and Romain Nouzareth, FreshPlanet has been entirely focused on music trivia games that make gaming more social. It launched the first SongPop in 2012, and it followed that up with SongPop 2 in 2015. In the games, you listen to clips from popular songs and have to guess the name of the song.
It might never have been noticed if it weren’t for Mark Zuckerberg, CEO of Facebook, who posted about the game shortly after it came out. Mathieu Nouzareth, CEO of FreshPlanet, said in an interview with GamesBeat that downloads skyrocketed within an hour after Zuckerberg’s post. And its fresh take and good use of social media helped it staying in the top rankings of mobile games. Celebrities have been touting the game for years.
“We were three people at the start, and it’s always about coming up with the right formula, the right game at the right time, with a little bit of luck,” said Mathieu Nouzareth.
Above: SongPop has been downloaded more than 100 million times.
Alexandre De Rochefort said in an interview that the deal will give Gameloft access to fast-growing and unique category of music trivia games.
“Gameloft as a company that has grown organically throughout history and that’s why we are excited to announce a deal,” said De Rochefort. “We started back in April. But we never thought we would manage to buy FreshPlanet and get the deal done within 2018.”
Nouzareth will continue to run FreshPlanet, which will operate as one of numerous studios at Gameloft, which has more than 4,600 employees and revenues last year in excess of 300 million euros, or $341.6 million.
Gameloft was started in 2000 by Michel Guillemot, one of the brothers in the Guillemot family that started Ubisoft in 1986. Vivendi acquired more than 25 percent of the shares of Ubisoft, but it sold off that stake for a profit of $1.2 billion after Ubisoft found other investors, such as Tencent, to help it remain independent.
De Rochefort, who has worked at Gameloft since it was founded, said that Gameloft had a philosophy, much like Ubisoft, to grow its business organically. For a long time, that philosophy held sway. But Vivendi 
 in 2016. The company then decided to embrace acquisitions as a way to grow.
That effort went into high gear in April, after Vivendi was flush with cash from selling its Ubisoft stake.
“We want to continue to diversify our catalog, and music trivia is very different form our games,” De Rochefort said. “In our 18 years, we have never done a music game. We also saw that this was a chance to expand our audience in the U.S. and with the more casual female audience.”
He noted that China is the biggest mobile game market in the world, but it has become harder to launch games there because of tightening of game certifications by the Chinese government. By contrast, expanding in the U.S. is an easier task, De Rochefort said.
“We have also wanted to find new ways of monetizing games,” De Rochefort said. “Since 2014, we have had our own ad agency. SongPop is strong with the advertising model.”
SongPop has also been strong with subscriptions, and that’s a model that Gameloft wants to expand as well.
“We are really thinking about finding a way to make subscriptions happen,” De Rochefort said.
Above: SongPop is a big music trivia hit.
Gameloft creates games for all digital platforms, two of which are featured in the “Top 10 Games by All-Time Worldwide Downloads” from App Annie. Gameloft operates its own established franchises such as Asphalt, Order & Chaos, Modern Combat, and Dungeon Hunter. It also makes games in partnership with Universal, Illumination Entertainment, Disney, Marvel, Hasbro, Fox Digital Entertainment, Mattel and Ferrari.
Every month, 114 million unique users can be reached by advertisers in Gameloft games with Gameloft Advertising Solutions, a leading B2B offering dedicated to brands and agencies. That reach was important to FreshPlanet, which is seeking new audiences for its SongPop games.
“We are hoping they can help us with user acquisition,” Mathieu Nouzareth said. “We’ve been working to improve every aspect of the product and refresh it with a major feature every quarter. We do an update every two weeks.”
 advised FreshPlanet on the acquisition.
As for the future, Mathieu Nouzareth said, ” We are very good at music video games today and you can expect more from us in this category. We’re not going to be making an FPS or racing simulation.”
Having followed Apple for decades and covered it professionally for 15 years, I’ve seen and written my fair share of looks back at the company’s annual performance. From a 30,000-foot perspective, these stories tend to be broadly similar even though the specifics vary a little from year to year: Apple ignores or defies critics, releases largely iterative product updates, and makes gobs of money. To the general satisfaction of both Wall Street and Apple’s well-compensated executives, the narrative has become predictable, a far cry from the once rebellious company’s most disruptive, pirate flag-flying days.
So rather than go through a boring, granular discussion of everything that happened this year, or just listing off 
 
 
, I’d like to take you through just seven of Apple’s most noteworthy 2018 moments. They’re not the company’s only important events of the year, but rather the ones I feel are most worthy of further consideration, as they serve as major milestones, both positive and negative.
Wind the clock back to 2014 and you might recall that Apple was facing a crisis of 
 confidence — observers felt that there hadn’t been a big enough “disruptively innovative” new product since Steve Jobs died, a conclusion that deeply irked Apple’s executives. So the company held a special event to 
, eight months before its all but 
. Clouded by a 
, the earliest Watches were so sluggish, modestly functional, and overpriced that even hard-core Apple fans found themselves returning, selling, or never buying them.
Each year since then, Apple has improved the Watch hardware in ways that have slowly won over initial detractors. But it took until 
 to reach the company’s original vision. The latest model has the bigger display, responsive app speeds, and other cool features people expected four years ago from the company’s 
. There’s even a shiny gold version starting at only $699, a price real people can actually afford.
Yes, it took too long, but Apple finally turned a mess of a product line into a viable additional pillar of its business. I’m genuinely excited to see where the Watch goes from here.
Apple has spent much of the Tim Cook era building a public reputation for good corporate behavior — pro-privacy, pro-environment, and pro-employee practices that it touts as often as possible. But as long-time Apple watchers know, the reality isn’t that simple: The company tries to get away with a lot of anti-consumer behavior, and has an unfortunate tendency to go silent or obfuscate (if not lie) when confronted with “bad facts.”
Due to ongoing controversies over iOS updates that slowed down iPhones as their batteries aged, 2018 was a particularly bad year for Apple’s public image. After it was discovered in 
 that Apple had quietly updated iOS with a “performance management” feature, the company spent much of early 2018 
 and 
 to angry consumers, legislators, and regulators in multiple countries. Then, after suggesting that its latest iPhones wouldn’t need similar “assistance,” it wound up releasing the performance managing patch for them, too.
Apple has had other communications-related issues this year, and it was conspicuously occupied with fixing a never-ending stream of iOS and macOS bugs. But the battery debacle is the one consumers won’t soon forget.
 in August, making it the first public company to reach that stunning level of valuation — a particularly impressive feat given the number of critics who said years ago that Apple’s best days were behind it. The primary driver, of course, has been the iPhone — a product that barely registered on Apple’s balance sheets a decade ago, but now accounts for more than half of the company’s quarterly revenues.
Above: Apple’s Daisy robot loads iPhones for dismantling.
Has Apple reached Peak iPhone? Perhaps. CFO Luca Maestri stunned the financial world by announcing that 
, a decision widely interpreted as signaling imminent declines in iPhone sales volumes. In the weeks that followed, Apple’s market capitalization dropped by around a quarter, and it’s currently at roughly $790 billion, around $20 billion below Microsoft.
Where will growth come from? My biggest concern is that Apple significantly raised prices this quarter across all of its major product lines, seemingly signaling that the company would be content to make more money from fewer people. But that strategy doesn’t appear to be working, as 
 ahead of the holidays.
Looking at the long term, hiking prices isn’t a smart or sustainable strategy for Apple’s growth. If the company carries the “fewer people is fine” line of thinking further, it’s could eventually reduce its market share back to the generally unimpressive levels seen decades ago, when unaffordable Macs teetered on the verge of irrelevance. Given everything Apple has accomplished over the past decade, it would be astonishing to see Windows devices mount a complete comeback at this point, but if Microsoft’s stock price is any indication, that’s no longer as impossible as it once seemed.
Though Apple’s services aren’t promoted as heavily as its products, they’re quickly becoming major success stories — and large-scale contributors to the company’s bottom line. In a fairly short period of time, the Apple Music streaming service has gained over 
, 
 has become an accepted transaction medium in 30 countries, and the company’s iTunes, App, and Book Stores are now selling so many downloads that people have stopped trying to count them.
Above: Books for iOS 12.
Cumulatively, 
 in just the last quarter alone — a record that will most certainly be broken multiple times over the next year. Apple takes a cut of every Apple Pay transaction and receives cash every time it streams a song, sells a movie, and adds consumable content to a game or app. The more customers it has, and the more they’re using Apple devices, the more money it’s going to make.
The dark side of this otherwise impressive growth is that Apple’s now actively trying to get 
 and customers hooked on 
, turning devices into automatic monthly or yearly debit machines until the subscriptions are disabled. Whether this becomes an even bigger problem in 2019 remains to be seen, but even as a long-time Apple user, I’m ready to drop apps in a heartbeat if they start demanding subscriptions, and strongly suspect that most people feel the same way.
 had all the signs of a standard Apple misfire before its February launch: It was 
 from its original ship date, 
 initially promised features, and clearly 
 compared with existing alternatives. Though some critics were ready to forgive those issues — largely because HomePod (sigh) can play at loud, bassy levels — few could get past HomePod’s 
, Apple’s perpetually troubled digital assistant.
On HomePod, Siri was even more limited than on iPhones and iPads, where the feature already ranked below Amazon’s Alexa and Google’s Assistant in overall performance. Worse yet, HomePod depends almost entirely upon Siri for controls, as it ships without a remote or built-in touchscreen of its own.
Apple’s decision to rebuild its Siri team with help from a 
 and 
 might — emphasize 
 — turn things around over the next year or two. But after seven years of waiting for Siri to improve, and seeing only 
 as an example of things possibly heading in the right direction, users have justifiably been migrating to competing solutions instead. It’s unclear why Apple recently decided to 
, but using Alexa alongside Apple Music is certainly more satisfying than relying exclusively on Siri.
Two unexpected developments in 2018 raised serious questions as to Apple’s wireless hardware ambitions. In April, Apple announced that it was 
, without an in-house product line to replace them. Apart from suggesting that it didn’t need to keep developing routers thanks to the availability of good alternatives — something that never stopped Apple from competing before — the company didn’t really explain its thinking on exiting the router business, which also included its hybrid router-backup solution Time Capsule.
One possible explanation is that Apple didn’t want to be tied down to any one of 
 — 802.11ax (now aka Wi-Fi 6) or the two semi-related “WiGig” standards, 802.11ad and 802.11ay. For Apple, which only infrequently released all-new routers, developing a new router would have meant committing to a Wi-Fi standard for years, and it’s possible that Apple just wanted to focus its wireless engineering attention on more lucrative cellular and Bluetooth devices instead.
A lot of 2018 was spent speculating over Apple’s next-generation wireless plans: 
 to its 
, when it would release a new version of its popular 
 wireless earphones, and why it was digging an 
 for its one-time cellular chip supplier Qualcomm. As the year draws to a close, most of these questions remained, but the company’s clearly preparing for a 
 wireless capabilities, a topic that will 
 throughout 2019.
If there’s any other 2018 Apple event that will continue to have an outsized impact into the future, that would be the October 30 debut of A12X Bionic — Apple’s first truly Mac-caliber CPU. The company has been taking small steps toward that moment for years, but there was never before a point when an iPad had just as much horsepower as a current-generation, midrange to high-end Mac. Now the 
 have changed that, as the A12X Bionic easily rivals 
, even comparing favorably with 
 in graphics power.
2018 will be remembered as the year when Apple became clearly capable of releasing a Mac with virtually whatever level of CPU and GPU power it wanted, whenever it wanted, without 
 to engineer and manufacture the parts. We’ll have to see whether that actually happens in 2019 or 2020, but now that A-series processors can match Intel chips, it’s 
.
HOUSTON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 19, 2018–
      The CapStreet Group, LLC (“CapStreet”) and Pamlico Capital completed the       sale of their investment in portfolio company, symplr (or “the Company”)       to Clearlake Capital Group, L.P. (together with its affiliates,       “Clearlake”) on November 30, 2018. symplr is a leading healthcare       governance, risk and compliance (“GRC”) provider of       software-as-a-service (“SaaS”) based solutions that address the       compliance and credentialing needs of healthcare organizations.    
      “CapStreet has been very proud to partner and grow the symplr business       with its co-founders, Troy and Garry Kyle, along with Rick Pleczko,       symplr’s CEO. When we initially invested with Troy and Garry in 2012,       symplr was a rapidly growing, niche software solution. CapStreet worked       closely with Troy and Garry refining and expanding the vision to include       the broader GRC market through strategic partnerships, investments in       technology and M&A activity,” said Neil Kallmeyer, Managing Partner, The       CapStreet Group.    
      “When we started looking for a partner in 2011, we talked to several       private equity firms. When we initially met with Neil Kallmeyer and       Adrian Guerra that year, we thought this team could help us meet our       near-term and long-term objectives,” said Troy Kyle, founder and former       symplr CEO. Founder and former President, Garry Kyle, added, “The       CapStreet team delivered on everything that we discussed. We could not       be more proud of the success of symplr and all of its stakeholders.”    
      “Troy and Garry were great founders to work with. They were supportive       of all my efforts and became big cheerleaders as we grew organically and       via M&A,” said Rick Pleczko, symplr CEO.    
      Neil Kallmeyer also added, “Our equity recapitalization with the Pamlico       team in 2015 helped accelerate our growth including key investments in       people and two strategic acquisitions. They were like minded, growth       oriented private equity partners.”    
      William Blair & Company acted as the financial advisor and Moore and Van       Allen served as legal advisor to symplr, The CapStreet Group and Pamlico       Capital. TripleTree and Harris Williams served as financial advisors to       Clearlake.    
      About symplr    
      Established in 2006, symplr is a Houston-based, comprehensive provider       of accreditation and regulatory compliance software-as-a-service       solutions for healthcare organizations. symplr’s solutions help       healthcare organizations ensure governance, mitigate risk and ensure       compliance. For more information, visit 
.    
      About The CapStreet Group    
      CapStreet is a Houston, Texas based private equity firm that invests in       owner-managed, lower middle market companies. CapStreet targets       companies operating in the value-added distribution, industrial services       and manufacturing, and business to business service sectors. Our       approach is to partner with management to build out infrastructure,       accelerate growth and profitability, and build a sustainable business.       For more information, visit The CapStreet Group website, 
.    
      The CapStreet Group
Katherine Kohlmeyer
    
It’s the time of the year when you finally have to stop shopping for yourself and start getting gifts for other people. If you need help with that, I understand. I’m here for ya.
In this guide, I’ve got some last-minute ideas for those of you who are reading this on the drive over to your family’s house on Christmas Day. If you have a bit more time, however, we have some suggestions for the PC, Switch, Xbox One, and PlayStation 4 lovers in your life.
OK. Let’s start with this. If you’re reading this on Christmas Eve and can’t think of what to get for someone, try some of these. The best part is that you don’t even have to wrap them. You can gift all of these digitally (or find them at a Walgreens or something).
Discord Nitro is a game subscription service for the PC that gets you access to games like FTL, Super Meatboy, and more. It’s consistently getting new games, and $100 gets you access for a year.
 (normally $120)
Xbox Game Pass is Microsoft’s Netflix-like service for games. It provides a library of over 100 Xbox One releases that you can download to your system and play whenever you want. For $70 right now, you can get 12 months of Game Pass. This is great because Microsoft also releases all of its first-party games on this service the day they hit retail.
Microsoft’s Xbox Design Lab enables you to create your own personalized Xbox One controller. It even has officially licensed NFL logos.
If you know someone is getting a PlayStation 4 for the holidays, PlayStation Now is one of the best services you can get for them. It is Sony’s cloud-gaming program, but it also enables PlayStation 4 owners to download games from a library just like Netflix. For $100, you can get a year pass for PS Now.
 
NZXT’s BLD is an online service that builds gaming PCs without a lot of the jargon or confusing components. You just tell the BLD system what games you want to play, and it’ll give you the PC you should make. If you have a grandkid or significant other asking for a PC, this is one of the easiest ways to ensure that they get what they want.
I thought the Atari Speakerhat was dumb before I got one. And I was right, but I also love it. I use it all of the time. It’s a hat with Bluetooth speakers in its bill. Think of it as the fanny pack for the head. And that’s why I love it. Unlike headphones, earbuds, or smart speakers, the Atari Speakerhat enables me to listen to whatever I want without having to disconnect myself from the world. I can simultaneously hear my favorite podcasts and whatever mischief my daughter is getting into. You should get one.
AverMedia makes some of the best capture cards you can get, and the Live Gamer Extreme 2 is a great deal at $170. It can passthrough a 2160p60 signal without stripping the HDR from something like an Xbox One X. It is also capable of capturing up to 240 frames per second.
 
This is the best set-top-box on the market. It plays 4K HDR video from you personal media library, Netflix, or any other video app you can find. It also streams games from you computer or from Nvidia’s own GeForce Now cloud service. And then it is also excellent as a retro-gaming device because of its support for a wide selection of emulators. I’ve been using one recently, and I love it.
 
The 
. It is easy to set up, it’s sturdy, and it is super easy to adjust. And then it also frees up so much desk space. If you are shopping for a PC gamer who has multiple monitors (up to 27 inches), this is an excellent gift. It’s something they may not purchase for themselves, but they will end up loving it.
 
The price of storage dropped throughout 2018, and it’s still going down. The U.S. trade war with China could disrupt that soon, so now is probably the time to buy. And I don’t think you can get a better all-around great SSD than Crucial’s MX500 in this price range. For $120, you can get 1TB of 3D NAND. That’s enough to run your operating system and to store a ton of games.
 
The Nintendo Switch doesn’t have enough storage. If you buy any digital games, you’ll want something more. And my recommendation is to get the biggest micro SD card possible. So if you’re shopping for someone who already has a Switch, consider HyperX’s micro SD with 256GB of storage capacity.
 
You don’t need to spend a lot on a set for the Nintendo Switch because only a few games supports voice (like Fortnite), but that’s why the Stinger is so great. It has great sound to go with the microphone, so even if you’re just playing Zelda or Smash, everything will sound great.
The Switch is a great handheld, but you may find it uncomfortable if you have larger hands. Or, like me, you will injure your hands playing Dead Cells. The Satisfye Pro Gaming Grip solves that by adding holds for your hands.
The Flip Grip enables Switch owners to play their games in a vertical orientation while also in handheld mode. This is great for games that support playing the Switch on its side, which is also known as “tate” mode. That gives you more screen space in games like Ikaruga, SNK 40th Anniversary Collection, and Donkey Kong.
 
The T5 is an external SSD that can load games faster on the Xbox One. This model stores 500GB, which is about 9-to-12 blockbuster-sized games.
The Xbox One Elite Controller is still the best gamepad you can get for any system. It works wirelessly with Xbox One or a PC with a USB dongle. It has a premium price, but it’s worth it.
This stand enables you to keep the Xbox One X safely on its side. It adds 3 USB ports and two controller-charging docks.
 
Same reason as the Xbox One. It’s going to enable you to load games faster. It makes a huge difference.
With this stand, you can keep your PlayStation 4 securely on its side. It also has two docks for charging the DualShock 4 gamepads.
What do Elvis, Bing Crosby, and William Shatner have in common? They’ve all released Christmas albums, of course. And now, thanks to the enterprising folks at 
, a startup that uses machine learning algorithms to create jewelry designs, AI has joined the ranks of artists who’ve tapped the holiday spirit.
This month as part of a “Christmas hack,” Made by AI leveraged a neural network — layers of mathematical functions that loosely mimic the behavior of neurons in the brain — to create a 
 it’s made freely available. Enter a duration (in seconds), choose your instrument from one of three (glockenspiel, bells, or clarinet), and it’s off to the races — in 40 seconds per minute of duration (up to a maximum of 2 minutes), the AI does its best to approximate a Christmas-y melody. You’ll receive a link via email when it finishes producing a new sample.
Judging by its 
, the neural net won’t be topping the Billboard charts anytime soon. Still, there’s detectable structure in its work — the product of lots of training, the dev team explained, and a marginally sophisticated system under the hood.
When they set about building the Christmas song generator, the team first had to select an algorithm capable of generating long, decently coherent sequences without too much compute overhead. They eventually settled on a long short term memory (LSTM) network, a type of recurrent neural network capable of learning long-term dependencies.
To train it, they sourced a dataset of a hundred Christmas songs in MIDI format — i.e., text files containing the notes and length and loudness of each note — and used Music21, an open source library, to read and write them. Over time, as the LSTM ingested the MIDI files, it slowly “learned” to produce semblances of themes by replicating sequences of notes and chords.
According to the team, fully optimizing and training the model took about three hours on an Amazon Web Services GPU spot instance (with an Nvidia V100-SXM2). They toyed with the idea of creating models that could generate song lyrics and train from raw audio input, but ultimately decided to leave that to future work.
“Overall, we are satisfied with the results,” the team wrote. “[We] encourage others to try to generate Christmas music with other input data and other models.”
The tool’s debut comes a little less than a week after contributors to Project Magenta, a Google Brain project “exploring the role of machine learning as a tool in the creative process,” presented their work on 
, a machine learning model capable of generating relatively coherent songs with recognizable repetition.
Google is far from the only company using AI to generate head-banging jams, though — the long and growing list includes IBM, Jukedeck, Melodrive, Amper Music, and even Spotify.
Microsoft today 
 a new Office app that mirrors the recently revamped 
 website. Windows Insiders can start testing the new app, simply called “Office,” today. The company plans to preinstall the Office app on new Windows 10 devices “starting this summer.”
Last year, Microsoft rebuilt Office.com as a starting point for Microsoft Office users. The company has declared this effort a success, sharing today that “more than 40 percent of Office 365 web users start their work by visiting Office.com.” Microsoft now wants to bring that same experience to the desktop, making the app work for users with Office 365 subscriptions, Office 2019, Office 2016, and/or Office Online.
This is confusing, to say the least. The Office app is basically just mirroring what Office.com already offers. And Microsoft already has an app called “My Office,” which helps users manage their Office 365 subscriptions. The new Office app will replace the My Office app via an automatic update “in the coming months.” You will also be able to download the new Office app from the 
.
Microsoft lists the following advantages of the new Office app:
The first three points are poor arguments. You can do all of that 
 by simply using 
: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and so on.
The last point, however, shows what this is really all about: the enterprise. Corporations have already started to embrace the new Office.com; many office workers use it to get to the files they need when working remotely or on a non-work computer. The Office app could potentially be another starting point option — or it could just cause more confusion.
When Facebook’s Oculus unit revealed a 
 in May, one of its signature features was a “varifocal” display system that actually moved the screens inside to mimic focus changes in the user’s eyes. Now the company has 
, the software rendering system used to power the varifocus feature, along with an interesting announcement: DeepFocus’ code and data are being open-sourced so researchers can learn how it works, and possibly improve it.
While the details of DeepFocus are technical enough to be of interest only to developers, the upshot is that Oculus’ software uses AI to create a “defocus effect,” making one part of an image appear much sharper than the rest. The company says the effect is necessary to enable all-day immersion in VR, as selective focusing reduces unnecessary eye strain and visual fatigue.
Oculus says that DeepFocus is the first software capable of generating the effect in real time, providing a realistic, gaze-tracking blurring of everything the user isn’t currently focusing on. The key word there is “realistic,” as prior blurring systems developed for games have been developed for flashiness or cinematographic effects, not accuracy, and Half Dome’s mission “is to faithfully reproduce the way light falls on the human retina.”
To accomplish this, the company paired deep learning AI tools with basic color and depth RGB-D data already provided by game engines. A DeepFocus development team created 196,000 images randomly filled with objects, training the system to properly render blur in scenes with even greater complexity and variability than typical VR environments.
“With deep learning, our system was able to grasp complex effects and relations, such as foreground and background defocusing,” explained Oculus research scientist Anton Kaplanyan, “as well as correct blur at occlusion boundaries. And by generating a rich database of ground truth examples, we were able to cover a much wider range of defocus effects and set a new bar for depth-of-field synthesis.”
While DeepFocus worked smoothly on 1080p graphics, the team later upscaled its work to handle the demanding image-rendering pipelines of VR devices, ultimately introducing a four-GPU pipeline to process modern VR-quality imagery in real time. At the moment, the team is still working to get DeepFocus running at high VR resolutions on a single GPU, a process that’s still underway.
Facebook’s stated goal in open-sourcing DeepFocus is to share its knowledge with VR system developers, vision scientists, and perceptual researchers; clearly, the information will help software developers prepare future VR apps, as well. But the timeline for actual release of a VR headset with varifocal hardware is unclear. Oculus says that it developed the defocusing software for Half Dome, but sees it as hardware agnostic and believes that it will be useful in the next generation of VR headsets.
Reading between the lines, that would suggest Oculus is not ready to bring a varifocal solution to market — a conclusion that would match the company’s reported decision to make 
 that’s iterative rather than a big step forward, focusing more on convenience than major new technologies. That 
 would make more sense in light of today’s announcement, as virtually no one would own the quadruple-GPU PC Oculus says is currently required for rendering varifocal imagery. Giving developers an opportunity to speed up the rendering software might help bring truly next-generation VR headsets to market faster.
, a San Francisco home security startup backed by Andy Rubin’s Playground Ventures, today announced that it’s ceasing operations and extending refunds to customers who return their purchases. In a message on the company’s website, CEO Alex Teichman cited a lack of “commercial success” as a contributing factor.
“Unfortunately, we did not achieve the … success we were looking for and will be shutting down operations in the near future,” he 
. “We remain strong believers in a future with AI at your service, and look forward to inventing that future with you.”
Lighthouse emerged from stealth in May 2017 with $17 million in funding from Playground, in addition to Eclipse Ventures, SignalFire, Start, and individual investor Sebastian Thrun, director of the Artificial Intelligence Laboratory at Stanford University. The three-year-old company, which employed around 30 people and had offices at Playground Ventures’ incubator space in Palo Alto, developed a security camera that leveraged computer vision not only to detect and monitor activity within a home, but to alert users to disturbances — like a break-in, for example, or unruly pets and kids — via text or voice message.
Lighthouse’s eponymous camera was equipped with a microphone and speaker that allowed owners to patch in and speak to people within earshot, but it lacked any sort of smart assistant functionality. It did, however, boast a natural language processing component that responded to both voice and text commands, allowing users to search through a history of recordings quickly.
Moreover, somewhat uniquely, Lighthouse had a time-of-flight sensor that enabled it to generate a three-dimensional map of its surroundings. Development of its depth detection system was spearheaded by Lighthouse cofounder Hendrik Dahlkamp, who worked at Google parent company Alphabet’s X research division and was a member of the team that won the DARPA Grand Challenge for autonomous vehicles.
Much like cameras from Nest and Ring, Lighthouse stored footage in the cloud. That footage will be deleted when service ceases on January 15, but the company is offering users the chance to export their content in the interim weeks.
Enterprise software systems like ERP and CRM have reached the point of diminishing returns. The data inputs for these systems — human entry and process-based events — have hit natural limits. The value provided is restricted to internal business processes, defining how teams interact. This approach isn’t equipped for tapping crucial data sources to influence financials that move businesses 
 customers forward.
It’s time to link data to revenue. New business models will be formed by intelligent platforms that use AI to break down silos, connect different systems, and unlock previously inaccessible or overlooked data. This creates one source of truth for driving financial outcomes.
Heavy industry is changing. Successful companies like Caterpillar and Berkshire Hathaway Energy have broken the cycle of reliance on legacy technology. Instead, they’re tapping their own data sources, which until now have been underutilized.
It’s why industrial business executives are 
. They recognize sizable opportunities to save time and money by dramatically increasing productivity and operational efficiency.
I’ve observed countless examples of technology stacks serving siloed purposes in heavy industry. They fail to help key functions like operations, maintenance, engineering, finance, and customer service. They also frustrate CIOs and technologists who spend millions of dollars integrating systems.
Too often, leaders fall into the trap of referring to their businesses via IT systems without asking, “What 
 do I need to run my business?” At best, it’s limiting. At worst, it’s damaging.
Because functional teams rely on disparate pieces of technology that rarely communicate with each other, they can’t leverage learnings from one area (stored in its system) to improve an adjacent area (making 
 system smarter). This includes valuable machine data that reveals financial truths about revenue-generating assets.
This old blueprint can’t support broader organizational objectives or generate the financial results businesses need. Nor does it promote the necessary flexibility and agility for winning in today’s markets. Businesses are self-limited by their speed of innovation and creative curiosity, placing a strict governor on success.
The good news: This no longer has to be the case. Businesses are overlooking priceless data their legacy systems aren’t designed to capture or use.
In its raw form, big data is too difficult to use in a meaningful way. It’s important to understand something: Not every piece of data that can be counted actually 
, and not everything that 
 can be counted. This is why humans will always be required.
For decades, discussions centered on the mountain of unused data businesses are sitting on, advancing the causes of cloud, server, and storage providers. While it’s part of the equation, it’s come at the expense of businesses accessing the 
 data — at the right time, for the right outcome.
An intelligent platform does the legwork. Using AI that’s purpose-built for heavy industry, it automates the complex task of preparing, cleansing, and distilling the data that really matters. It separates signal from noise, linking business KPIs to data that can change economics. It then turns data into insights, predictions, and recommendations people can act on to make informed decisions that impact financials.
Industrial AI gets smarter with every data point ingested. It also gets increasingly accurate over time. This establishes the vital closed loop that lets systems continuously learn from business value delivered.
In the 1990s, ERP and CRM were monumental. They created efficiencies by automating billings, handling transactions at scale and facilitating customer relationships. Businesses could stock inventory and labor for the future based on historical behavior and trends.
However, this opened doors to incremental process improvements, not bottom-line improvements that businesses need. But we’re at an inflection point. Industrial AI enables businesses to reduce costs, increase revenue, and define new investor metrics with which to measure success.
By building data counterparts that digitally represent physical machines, equipment, and components, industrial AI predicts failures and plans minimal maintenance times. Businesses can answer principal questions: “How do I optimize operations through the lens of remaining asset life? How do I optimally plan for required parts and labor based on current and future production levels?” They can run critical assets at maximum efficiency to produce more revenue.
Businesses can analyze actual versus expected output, identifying underperforming assets and examining root causes. They can compare against fleet-wide benchmarks and make adjustments that increase production levels.
By predicting, repairing, and preventing future failures before they happen, assets’ lifespans increase. This captures more value and lowers capital expenditures. With more reliable assets and safer work environments, businesses can minimize risks and even save lives.
At 
, we’ve studied how intelligent platforms can meet businesses wherever they are on their digital journeys and scale as their needs evolve. Read our findings 
.
Grip strength can reveal a lot about a person — including whether a neurodegenerative disease is about to set in and how far it has progressed. In a study published in the journal 
, researchers from IBM describe a wearable system — a “fingernail sensor” — that measures how a person’s fingernail bends and moves continuously (a key indicator of grip strength), and machine learning models that can derive health state insights from those metrics.
As study coauthors Stephen Heisig and Katsuyuki Sakuma point out in a 
, grip strength is associated in medical literature not only with the effectiveness of medication in Parkinson’s disease patients, but with people’s cardiovascular health, overall cognitive function in schizophrenics, and “all-cause mortality” in geriatrics. Fingernail monitoring is ideal for elderly patients, they claim, who risk infection from alternative options, like skin-based sensors.
“The project began as an attempt to capture the medication state of people with Parkinson’s disease … The majority of people with Parkinson’s are older, an age group with increasingly brittle, friable skin,” Heisig and Sakuma wrote. “By pushing computation to the end of our fingers, we’ve found a new use for our nails by detecting and characterizing their subtle movements.”
Fingernails provide a valuable structure for the body’s somatosensory system, as it turns out. As people move through the environment throughout the course of a day, neurons on the tips of their fingers act as near-constant sources of pressure, temperature, and texture feedback, leading them to interact with objects in somewhat repetitive, predictable ways.
This insight led the  team “to believe it might be possible to derive … signals from how the fingernail bends,” Heisig and Sakuma wrote.
So they built a system of strain gauges — sensors that measure the amount of strain on an object — that they affixed with adhesive to the fingernails of study subjects, along with small computers that sampled strain values recorded by those gauges. In addition to the strain gauges, the sensor packages contained a microcontroller with a wireless antenna board, a silicon prosthesis, an accelerometer board, and a coin battery.
As the aforementioned computer collected data, it communicated with a smartwatch (an Apple Watch Series 3), which sent the info on to a paired iPhone (via Bluetooth) and subsequently to cloud-based machines for retention, analysis, and model training. Locally, inference models correlated the data with three well-established symptoms of Parkinson’s disease: bradykinesia (slowness of movement), tremor, and dyskinesia (abnormality of voluntary movement).
One of the fingernails’ functions is to focus fingertips on objects being manipulated — fingernails slightly bend and move when they’re used for gripping and grasping, and even when fingers are merely flexed and extended. It’s a movement that’s tough to see with the naked eye, the researchers say — usually in the order of single-digit microns, less than the length of a typical human hair (between 50 and 100 microns across) or a red blood cell (less than 10 microns across). But the device’s strain sensors are sensitive enough to capture those bends and other minute changes in orientation, direction, and force of interactions.
Above: A view of the fingernail sensor’s hardware stack.
In tests, the sensor package and machine learning models managed to differentiate activities involving pronation — downward rotations of the palm — and supination — upward rotations — such as turning a key, opening a doorknob, and using a screwdriver. They even predicted with 94 percent accuracy which digits wearers were writing as they used a pen and paper.
The study’s authors believe the system could serve as the foundation for a future wearable that’s “entirely on the nail” and capable of characterizing various kinds of gestures, which they say might be used to perform operations like scrolling, paging, shrinking, or expanding images on a smartphone or PC. In the short term, hardware improvements will focus on shrinking the electronics using “wafer-level chip” scale packaging, switching to a flexible substrate, and reducing power consumption.
Above: Fingertip surface profile measurements from the sensor.
“With the sensor, we can derive health state insights and enable a new type of user interface,” Heisig and Sakuma said. “This work has also served as the inspiration for a new device modeled on the structure of the fingertip that could one day help quadriplegics communicate.”
A fair amount of artificial intelligence (AI) research in health care has involved Parkinson’s disease prediction. Researchers at the Institute for Robotics and Intelligent Systems in Zurich, Switzerland published a recent paper describing an AI system that can diagnose Parkinson’s disease from 
 designed to measure movement, speech, finger dexterity, and spatial memory impairments. Moreover, scientists at the University of Oxford demonstrated a 
 that automatically detects rapid eye movement (REM) sleep behavior disorder (RBD), an early predictor of Parkinson’s.
Chinese giant 
, meanwhile, recently partnered with health care company 
 and the Parkinson’s Center of Excellence at King’s College Hospital in London to 
 that can detect signs of Parkinson’s within minutes, using a smartphone camera to monitor patients’ fine motor movements.
WESTON, Fla.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 19, 2018–
      
 
 
    
      The Class C financing is led by Network-1 Technologies (NYSE American:       NTIP) and SDS Capital Partners. Existing shareholders JEMS Venture       Capital and Seedlings Life Science Ventures also participated in the       committed financing. With the addition of the current commitments, the       Company has now secured $23 million in equity funding since inception.       Including a previous European grant of €10 million and upon completion       of the Class C financing, assuming the maximum offering is consummated,       a cumulative $41 million will have been raised to develop ILiAD’s BPZE1       technology.    
      Corey Horowitz, CEO of Network-1, will join ILiAD’s Board of Directors       and commented, “I am very excited at the prospect of participating in       the development and commercialization of ILiAD’s proprietary technology       and intellectual property relating to BPZE1. ILiAD’s work to date is       truly impressive and BPZE1’s promise in protecting against 
infection, as well as on a wide range of other chronic       diseases, presents very significant commercialization possibilities.”    
      BPZE1 is the most advanced next generation pertussis vaccine in the       world, designed to overcome deficiencies of current vaccines, including       poor durability and failure to prevent nasopharyngeal 
infections that lead to transmission to vulnerable       infants. Earlier this year, the FDA cleared the Investigational New Drug       (IND) application for a Phase 2a BPZE1 study at the Vanderbilt Vaccine       and Treatment Evaluation Unit (VTEU), sponsored by the National       Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease (NIAID) at the National       Institute of Health (NIH).    
      BPZE1 was developed in the lab of Camille Locht, PhD, at the Institut       Pasteur de Lille (IPL) and French National Institute of Health and       Medical research (
).       ILiAD holds exclusive global rights to BPZE1 and related 
technologies       that are covered by 34 issued patents. An additional 24 patents are       pending around the world.    
      In addition to funding continued operations, R&D and manufacturing       development, the financing will support further clinical studies,       including a multicenter Phase 2b clinical study that will compare       ILiAD’s lead candidate vaccine, BPZE1, to Boostrix™, an FDA-licensed       intramuscular acellular pertussis vaccine. It is anticipated that the       Phase 2b study will enroll up to 300 healthy adult volunteers.    
      “The Class C financing not only provides ILiAD with critical resources       to advance our pertussis vaccine program, but also expands our ability       to explore the relationship between 
and other       chronic pathologies,” said Dr. Keith Rubin, Chief Executive Officer of       ILiAD. Dr. Rubin added, “We are grateful that Network-1, SDS Capital,       and our other investors share ILiAD’s vision and commitment to put an       end to escalating rates of pertussis, while also appreciating the       enormous potential for our 
 platform to target a broad       range of human disease.”    
      Walter Greenblatt & Associates, LLC (member FINRA, SIPC), a life       science-focused investment bank, served as the financial advisor to       ILiAD for this financing as well as for ILiAD’s prior financing rounds.       For more information visit: 
.    
      
    
      Pertussis (whooping cough) is a life-threatening disease caused by the       highly contagious respiratory bacterium 
.       According to U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, each year       pertussis affects approximately 16 million people globally, accounting       for nearly 200,000 deaths. Although estimated global vaccination       coverage is 84%, current vaccines have failed to control epidemics. In       addition, current vaccines do not fully protect infants under age 6       months, since immunization requires multiple injections, usually at 2, 4       and 6 months.    
      
    
      BPZE1 is a next-generation live-attenuated pertussis vaccine designed to       induce comprehensive and durable protection against 
infection       (colonization) and disease (whooping cough). BPZE1 is being developed to       block 
from colonizing the adult nasal passage,       protecting adults and adolescents, and potentially preventing       transmission, including transmission to infants. While ILiAD is       currently focused on developing a vaccine to directly protect adults and       adolescents and to indirectly protect vulnerable infants, future       development aims to immunize neonates directly.    
      
    
      ILiAD Biotechnologies (
)       is a privately held, clinical stage biotechnology company dedicated to       the prevention and treatment of human disease caused by 
. The company is developing and acquiring key technologies,       working with leading scientists to overcome the limitations of current       vaccines, investigating the impact of 
in a range of       human disease, and is focused on validating its proprietary vaccines in       human clinical trials.    
      
    
      Network-1 Technologies, Inc. (NYSE American: NTIP) is engaged in the       development, licensing and protection of its intellectual property and       proprietary technologies. It currently owns sixty-two (62) patents       covering various telecommunications and data networking technologies as       well as technologies relating to document stream operating systems and       the identification of media content. Network-1’s strategy is to focus on       investing its resources in developing high quality intellectual property       assets, which management believes have the potential to generate       significant licensing opportunities as Network-1 has achieved with       respect to its patent portfolio, which have generated licensing revenue       in excess of $185,000,000 from May 2007 through September 30, 2018. For       more information visit: 
.    
      “Safe Harbor” Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform       Act of 1995.    
      
 
    
      Ken Solovay
COO
ILiAD Biotechnologies, LLC
    
I’ve long wanted an arcade machine in my home. And for the first time ever, that dream feels attainable. That’s due to the 
 that repackage classic games into slightly smaller cabinets.
These are three-fourths scale replicas with a 17-inch LCD monitor. Arcade1Up officially licenses 
 like Rampage and Super Street Fighter II: Turbo, and each of its different arcade cabinets come with a collection of games and the appropriate controls for its bundle. For example, you can get a machine that includes Asteroids, Tempest, Major Havoc, and Lunar Lander that has a spinner control.
The Arcade1Up cabinets are available now. You can find them at Walmart, GameStop, Target, and other retailers for $300.
The Arcade1Up machines do not cost thousands of dollars. They are inexpensive imitations of the real thing. That means they don’t weigh a lot, they don’t use CRT monitors, and they’re not going to use name-brand buttons and joysticks.
But they absolutely capture the feeling of playing on a real arcade machine. I’m testing the Rampage unit, and it has enough controllers for three simultaneous players. And when you have everyone sitting elbow-to-elbow on the machine playing through games like Gauntlet, you’re going to remember why arcade gaming is so much fun.
That’s a huge thing to capture in an easy-to-assemble package that you can buy at Walmart for $300.
Above: At three-fourths scale, even someone who is just 2.5-feet tall can enjoy some Rampage.
The Arcade1Up cabinets have the striking look you want from arcade hardware. They have the flashing attract-mode screens that draw your eye from across a room. And the chassis itself uses wood and not plastic, so it doesn’t look like a toy.
The Rampage machine has an exact re-creation of the art from the original Rampage cabinet on its front and control panels. On the sides, it has a more generic design. But it all looks fantastic and professional. And by that I mean, it appears authentic enough to sit a room full of other arcade machines. You’ll notice the size difference, but that’s it. Otherwise, it would look like it belongs.
And the look is a big reason you’ll want this, because the three-fourth scale means it should fit nicely inside your home. You won’t have to hide it away in the garage or basement. It could go into a kid’s bedroom or in the corner of a rec room.
The machine is 4 feet tall, which makes it perfect to play while sitting down on a stool. And even very young children should have no trouble standing up to play their games.
If you want the full, stand-up arcade experience, Arcade1Up does sell a separate riser that brings the cabinet up to full height. But I haven’t felt the need for that.
Arcade1Up is using some cheap components. Specifically, the joysticks feel like they’re going to give out and stop springing back into place after a few weeks. Even when they’re operating as they should, they just don’t have the bounce back that I would like to feel. They get the job done, but that’s about the best I can say. And if they do stop working, you can get higher-quality replacements from Chinese manufacturers on Amazon at a fair price.
The biggest issue with the Arcade1Up is that, eventually, it’s probably just going to sit untouched in the corner. I would make sure that you get a unit that has games that you are interested in returning to regularly. The Street Fighter unit seems especially nice if you have friends who come over regularly.
But these are all retro games. You probably have a million ways to play any of them, and if you aren’t already going back regularly, I don’t think putting it in an arcade cabinet will change that. Sure, you’ll want to play them for a while as is, but that will wear off.
With that said, I would make sure that you’re OK with getting an Arcade1Up as a decoration. Think of it as putting a jukebox in your home. You’ll probably still play music from your modern stereo system, but it’s cool to have the jukebox to create an atmosphere. The Arcade1UP is excellent at doing the same thing. And then, if someone new comes over, I’m always willing to hop on and play more Gauntlet.
So who is the Arcade1Up for? It’s not for enthusiasts, unless you’re big into modding. If you want to get an Arcade1Up to have a compact cabinet for your Raspberry Pi setup, then go for it. It’s great for that. But if you’re big into the history of arcades or you’ve already built your own machine, you don’t need this.
Instead, I think the Arcade1Up is for families. If you are looking for a big-ticket item for the holidays or a birthday, the Arcade1Up has the potential to fill that role. If you want to put something else in the finished basement next to the foosball table, this is it.
Google Lens, Google’s AI-powered analysis tool, can now recognize over 
 products from Google’s retail and price comparison portal, Google Shopping. That’s four times the number of objects Lens covered in October 2017, when it made its debut.
Aparna Chennapragada, vice president of Google Lens and augmented reality at Google, revealed the tidbit in a retrospective 
 about Google Lens’ milestones.
“I’ve spent the last decade leading teams that build products which use AI to help people in their daily lives, through Search, Assistant and now Google Lens,” she wrote. “Every waking moment, we rely on our vision to make sense of our surroundings, remember all sorts of information, and explore the world around us … I see the camera opening up a whole new set of opportunities for information discovery and assistance.”
Products, in this context, refers to product labels. Google Lens leverages an optical character recognition engine — combined with AI systems that recognize different characters, languages, and fonts, plus language and spell-correction models borrowed from Google Search — to match barcodes, QR codes, ISBN numbers, and other alphanumeric identifiers to product listings in Shopping’s enormous catalog.
“Now, style is even harder to put into words,” Chennapragada explains. “That’s why we think the camera — a visual input — can be powerful here … Lens can show you … useful information like product reviews.”
That’s not all Google Lens’ computer vision algorithms can recognize, of course.
The growing list includes furniture, clothing, books, movies, music albums, video games, landmarks, points of interest, notable buildings, Wi-Fi network names and passwords, flowers, pets, video games, beverages, celebrities, and more. Lens reads and prompts you to take action with words in menus and signage, and, when pointed at outfits or home decor, recommends items that are stylistically similar. Moreover, perhaps most useful of all, it can automatically extract phone numbers, dates, and addresses from business cards and add them to your contacts list.
Google Lens has evolved dramatically over the past year. According to Chennapragada, Lens, which is trained on labeled images fed through Google’s open source TensorFlow machine learning framework, is beginning to recognize objects more reliably thanks to datasets with pictures “that look like they were taken with smartphone cameras.”
It’s improving in more palpable ways, too.
Back in May at its I/O keynote, Google took the wraps off of a real-time analysis mode for Lens that superimposes recognition dots over actionable elements in the live camera feed — a feature that 
 on the Pixel 3 and 3 XL. Lens recently came to 
 on the web. And more recently, Google brought Lens to iOS through the Google app, and launched a redesigned experience across Android and iOS.
As for what the future holds in store for Lens, Chennapragada is betting big on AI-driven enhancements.
“Looking ahead, I believe that we are entering a new phase of computing: an era of the camera, if you will,” she wrote. “It’s all coming together at once — a breathtaking pace of progress in AI and machine learning; cheaper and more powerful hardware thanks to the scale of mobile phones; and billions of people using their cameras to bookmark life’s moments, big and small.”
ROMEOVILLE, Ill.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 19, 2018–
      Warren Equity Partners, a lower middle market private equity fund, is       pleased to announce the acquisition of StormTrap, LLC (“StormTrap” or       the “Company”). StormTrap, based in Romeoville, IL, provides stormwater       management solutions to the municipal, commercial, industrial, and       residential markets. Financial terms of the transaction were not       disclosed.    
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: 
      Warren Equity acquired a majority interest in StormTrap from the Hawken       family, who founded the Company in 2002. The Hawken family invested       alongside Warren Equity in the transaction and will remain on the board       of directors going forward.    
      “StormTrap is a great fit for Warren Equity given our focus on the       infrastructure market and the Company’s focus on providing solutions to       remedy overburdened stormwater systems,” said Scott Bruckmann, Partner       at Warren Equity. “StormTrap is well positioned to continue to serve the       growing demand for stormwater management systems, and we are excited to       help the Company expand their geographic footprint and product offering.       We look forward to partnering with the Hawken family and StormTrap’s       exceptional management team.”    
      StormTrap designs and engineers precast concrete systems that store       stormwater runoff in underground chambers before releasing it at a       controlled rate or harvesting it for reuse. In addition, the Company       provides water quality systems that remove pollutants and contaminants       from stormwater runoff. The Company’s patented technology provides       customizable solutions for detention, retention, water quality, and       water harvesting.    
      “We chose Warren Equity due to their prior experience investing in       companies targeting similar end markets, as well as the strong cultural       fit with the StormTrap team,” said Bob McCormack, President of       StormTrap. “With Warren Equity, we have found a partner who will help       support our growth strategy and provide valuable guidance during our       next chapter of growth.”    
      StormTrap is a leading brand in precast concrete stormwater solutions       and a go-to provider for customers seeking stormwater management       solutions with a lower size footprint, high storage capacity,       durability, and reduced total installed cost.    
      “Over its 16-year history, StormTrap has grown into a market leader for       underground concrete stormwater systems through continuous development       of new technologies and products,” said Jamie Hawken, board member of       StormTrap, “We are looking forward to working with Warren Equity to grow       the Company in North America and internationally.”    
      William Blair & Company was the exclusive financial advisor to StormTrap.    
      
    
      Warren Equity Partners is a private equity firm that invests in small       and middle market operating companies primarily in North America. The       firm invests in established companies where additional capital and       operating resources can accelerate growth, targeting companies in the       industrial, infrastructure, and business services sectors. Warren Equity       invests in the form of buyouts, growth equity, and recapitalizations.       For more information, please visit 
.    
      
    
      StormTrap offers proven and leading-edge solutions for managing runoff,       protecting waterways and improving the use of property. StormTrap is       committed to providing cost-effective, customized water management       solutions to engineers, owners and municipalities across North America       and abroad. Whether customers are concerned about water quality,       detention, infiltration or water harvesting, StormTrap has a design that       will reduce footprint, accommodate site constraints, lower overall costs       and meet specific project needs. For more information, please visit 
.    
      Stefanie Geiss
StormTrap, LLC
(815) 791-7291    
 has entered the free-for-all “brawl” of the free-to-play mobile with a haymaker. Brawl Stars has brought in $10 million in microtransactions and 15 million installs 
. The report comes from 
, a mobile market research firm.
Brawl Stars is a mobile MOBA (that’s multiplayer online battle arena), such as 
 or 
. It a 3-on-3 game, and it has smaller maps than other online strategy games, like 
. And in seven days, it made 30 percent more than it did during its nearly year-long soft launch in Canada, Finland, and Singapore. Brawl Stars monetizes off 
, though you can play it without ever spending a dime.
According to Senor Tower, $10 million is a fine first-week performance.
“Ten million dollars in the first week of a new IP is extraordinary, for this genre or otherwise,” said Sensor Tower cofounder Alex Malafeev. “To put this in context, Brawl Stars grossed about 20-times more than Arena of Valor did in the U.S. during its first week here.”
Sensor Tower has found that the U.S. is where the most spending is happening on Brawl Stars, bringing in about $3 million over launch week. It’s also gaining a foothold in Japan, where players have spent $1.6 million on it.
The research firm also found that Brawl Stars didn’t bring in as much during its first week as 
 did. That was Supercell’s only release prior to Brawl Stars’ debut.
“Supercell’s only relatively recent release for comparison is Clash Royale, which grossed a little more than four times as much as Brawl Stars in the U.S. during its first week back in March 2016,” Malafeev said. “What’s important to remember there is that it was riding on the coattails of the still incredibly popular Clash of Clans IP, so it had a large existing audience that it could and did appeal to for a resulting mega-launch. Brawl Stars has no ties to an existing franchise or brand recognition beyond the Supercell name, which clearly carries a lot of weight among mobile gamers as its launch shows.”
Brawl Stars also hasn’t launched in the important — and lucrative — Chinese market yet. Even so, it’s the No. 1 free iPhone app in 14 nations, including the U.S. and South Korea. It’s No. 2 in Japan. On the grossing side, Brawl Stars is in the top 10 in 31 countries, and in the U.S., it’s No. 8, ahead of Clash of Clans and Clash Royale — two other Supercell games.
On Google Play, it’s No. 1 in downloads in 20 nations and top 10 in revenue in 29 countries.
The 
 is one of the better solutions for playing keyboard-and-mouse games on your couch. Now, 
 is updating this product to work with Microsoft’s consoles. The Turret for Xbox One launches March 31, but you can preorder it now for $250.
The Turret is a full-sized tenkeyless wireless keyboard that connects directly to the Xbox One or Xbox One X. It also comes with a mouse and retractable surface that you can pull out of the side of the keyboard’s chassis. This enables you to rest it on your lap to play games without a desk.
You can, of course, use other keyboards and mice by connecting them through the USB ports on your Xbox system. But if you want to go wirelessly, you’ll have to get something from one of Microsoft’s officially licensed partners. Right now, that just includes Razer.
The Razer Turret for Xbox One also works with PC. You can connect it wirelessly or via USB to a Windows machine and use it as your everyday input devices. I used the 
 and really loved it. I mostly used it as my keyboard when I would play games with my laptop propped up behind it.
Built for couch and desktop gaming, we’ve teamed up with 
 to bring you the all-new Razer Turret for 
 One—the world’s first wireless keyboard and mouse designed specifically for the Xbox One.
Pre-order exclusively from Microsoft Store now: 
 
This week, I wrote about some of the highs and lows the Heartland experienced this year in its quest to land more tech jobs and businesses. The good news: this year proved that there’s a healthy concentration of tech companies in places like Ann Arbor, Columbus, and Salt Lake City that are employing several hundred people or more each. The bad news: with giant tech companies like Amazon, Google, and Apple choosing established tech hubs over up-and-coming Heartland cities to add new offices, the gap between Middle America and places like New York City, San Francisco, Austin, and Seattle is not shrinking as quickly as it needs to.
With that in mind, there are a few topics that I think need to be top of mind in 2019 as we talk about how to close the gap between Silicon Valley and the rest of the country:
—How can we get cities to stop forking over as many subsidies in possible in an attempt to land new offices from Amazon and other large tech companies?
—Amazon and Apple’s expansion choices have shown that talent is the biggest determining factor when selecting new offices. How can we encourage cities to invest more in building a bigger pipeline of tech talent, and what are the most effective ways to do so.
—While some cities are seeing an increase in the number of total startups receiving seed funding, raising a Series A and beyond is still a struggle. How can we build better relationships between the coastal VC firms that can provide that funding, and seed stage Heartland firms?
On a programming note, I’ll be off the next two weeks, so the next newsletter will come in January. Thank you for joining the discussion over the past year, and see you in 2019.
Check out this video from CNBC, “
”
This year proved that cities in Middle America need to invest in their own tech communities, rather than trying to land jobs from the Amazons of the world.
Above: Wonolo employees in San Francisco.
Waze Carpool is partnering with private businesses like Wonolo, whose workers want to carpool, to gain an edge over Lyft Line and Uber Pool.
Nashville and others are thriving thanks to a mix of luck, astute political choices and well-timed investments, while cities like Birmingham, Ala., fall behind. 
Whether you’re an entrepreneur plotting to launch a startup or a CEO strategizing where to put another office, knowing where the next hot city is would be a game changer. Should you expand to Raleigh? 
The Mom Project, a Chicago-based startup that’s built an online platform to connect employers to viable female candidates, raised a new round of funding to help it grow. The startup announced Monday it raised $8 million in a Series A round led by Grotech Ventures and Initialized Capital. 
After raising $55 million in October at a $500 million valuation, business software marketplace G2 Crowd is making its first-ever acquisition to bring more features to its platform. 
 
Few embrace the 
 as well as Elite: Dangerous. Four years after launching the multiplayer space sim, Frontier Developments is still hard at work on making free and substantial updates, giving players new reasons to come back to its carefully crafted universe again and again.
Elite: Dangerous (available on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One) is so entwined with the developers’ lives — Frontier has been working on some form of Elite for years, even before the 2012 Kickstarter campaign — that for executive producer Adam Woods, development milestones go hand-in-hand with cherished memories of his kids.
“My life is basically made up of my children’s first steps, and then first steps in Elite, first discoveries in Elite,” said Woods, laughing.
Updating Elite: Dangerous, which prioritizes player choice above all else, is a monumental task. In the beginning of the game, players have the freedom to define their role: They can be a space pirate who preys on unsuspecting ships, a miner who makes money by stripping minerals from an asteroid belt, a peaceful explorer who just wants to map the galaxy, and much more — some of which the developers could never have predicted. But anything seems possible when you have a playground filled with 400-billion-star systems.
While appeasing a diverse community like that can be tricky, Frontier has always taken a holistic approach to its expansions, making sure that specific improvements to a certain class or play style can benefit other areas of the game, too.
“That’s the beauty of Elite: Dangerous. It’s this massive simulated galaxy of its own creation,” said Woods. “The players are in there and seeing — they take what we give them and create these incredible little gameplay loops and lore and role-play that we then have to look at and make sure we don’t cause too much disruption when we want to add something like exploration in.”
It was no different with the additions and changes made this past year, which fall under Elite’s Beyond season of content (the last part of the update, Chapter Four, came out on December 11). According to Woods, the team used Beyond to improve some of the game’s “core careers,” specifically exploration, mining, and trading.
Among other things, they expanded on the story behind the Guardians, one of the alien races in Elite; improved the ships’ navigation tools (you can scan even more planets and other celestial bodies for resources); and allowed players to better coordinate with one another using the new Squadrons feature.
Frontier has to walk a similar tightrope when trying to build on Elite’s sci-fi mythology. On the one hand, the game has an authored story, with scripts that populate dialogue from NPCs and explain the various factions vying for power. On the other is the path that players carve themselves, the emergent gameplay experiences that arise out of their chosen profession and run-ins with other players.
Sometimes, the studio plays up both sides when it comes to dramatic new events in the main storyline. That happened a few years ago with the introduction of the Thargoids, a mysterious alien species from the original 1984 version of Elite. After teasing their existence with strange artifacts and other items, the developers quietly added the Thargoids during Elite’s Horizons season.
Their debut was nothing short of dramatic: players were suddenly yanked out of their 
, their ships’ computer systems going dark as a menacing, starfish-like vessel appeared, scanning their ship with an intense beam of light before blasting off into space. It only took a few hours for the Elite community to discover Frontier’s sneaky update.
“It was about half past 10 at night, maybe 11 o’clock, and I’d been waiting, trying to see who would be the first player to get caught,” Woods fondly recalled. “Just as I was about to turn my PC off to go to bed, a tweet came up: ‘Oh my God, a Thargoid has been spotted!’ Suddenly, I was up for another two or three hours watching the reactions to this. … That was a pretty exciting night.”
In the Beyond season, that storyline now involves a full-on war with the Thargoids, with the developers adding in even more hostile alien ships that players must contend with. For big story beats like that, Frontier has an overarching plan about how and when they should be incorporated. But for smaller events that require participation from players (like collectively gathering resources to build a starport), the studio is more flexible and often has multiple options in place depending on the outcome.
“It’s about allowing as much freedom in the game as we can, while also still achieving what we want to do on the main flow,” said Woods. “We have quite a few smaller narratives going on as well, which can lead with community goals appearing and players taking part in those. If they fail to do that, we can also just stop the narrative. It can be as harsh as that. But that’s what makes it engaging and a living, breathing galaxy.”
For some subsets of the ravenous Elite community, those stories aren’t enough. So they make their own fun by informally creating new factions with various goals and achievements. There’s the famous 
, a group of players who try to help stranded commanders by refilling their spaceships with fuel, no matter how far away they may be. With members from around the world, they operate like a 24-hour emergency rescue service.
Others are preparing for 
, a huge community-led expedition through the undiscovered regions of the cosmos that’s scheduled to leave in January 2019. Then there’s the 
, a science-based faction that uses existing tools to conduct experiments in order to unravel the mysteries of the universe. They were one of the first to suspect that the Thargoids were coming 
 one of the game’s artifacts.
These player-made groups have only been increasing in number and popularity in the years since Elite’s release.
“Role-playing is very strong in Elite: Dangerous. The other really humbling thing and a lovely aspect of our community — I don’t know why we seem to attract people like it, and I’m very glad we do — is that they’re so open to helping other players find their feet in the game and talk them through it,” said Woods.
While not made specifically for these communities, the improvements that came with the Beyond season of content (like Squadrons and the new ship scanning system) give these players more opportunities to stumble on something cool and meaningful during their journeys. Woods teased that Chapter Four in particular added “new phenomena and objects” that explorers would find very interesting.
This is just another example of the interconnected nature of Elite’s mechanics and the unique relationship Frontier has with its players. With an experience that’s partly designed and partly improvised, Elite: Dangerous continues to evolve in strange, exciting, and unpredictable ways — and will hopefully continue to do so for years to

come.
But for now, Woods is more concerned with how players will react to the end of Beyond.
“For me, it’s all about Chapter Four at the moment and seeing how it goes down over the holidays. Particularly with the exploration, finding things,” he said. “My Twitter feed has become a timeline of different areas and biomes and things that players have found, and some incredible screenshots. We seem to have a community that is very, very good at taking screenshots of the game. [
]”
(
) — Facebook shares sank on Wednesday as concerns about its ability to safeguard user data sparked a government lawsuit, criticism in the U.S. Congress and a New York Times report on how it had shared data with other companies.
The stock of the world’s largest social media company fell 7.25 percent, its biggest intraday drop since July, taking losses for the year to about 24 percent. Investors are concerned about snowballing legal and regulatory efforts over data use polices that have upset many customers and could carry significant penalties and costs.
In particular, the Silicon Valley firm has drawn global scrutiny since disclosing earlier this year that a third-party personality quiz distributed on Facebook gathered profile information on 87 million users worldwide and sold the data to 
.
Washington, D.C., Attorney General Karl Racine said the U.S. capital city was suing Facebook, accusing it of misleading users because it had known about the incident for two years before disclosing it.
It further alleges Facebook misled users by allowing several app makers it called partners “to override Facebook consumers’ privacy settings and access their information without their knowledge or consent.”
Facebook said in a statement, “We’re reviewing the complaint and look forward to continuing our discussions with attorneys general in D.C. and elsewhere.”
The New York Times reported new details on Tuesday about the user data that remained available to such partners years after they had shut down features that required them. Facebook acknowledged the lapse in a blog post but said it had not found evidence of wrongdoing by those partners.
In response, both Democrat and Republican lawmakers criticized the company and queried 
.
The incoming chair of the House Judiciary Committee’s antitrust subcommittee, Representative David Cicilline, tweeted: “Zuckerberg told Congress that Facebook users had ‘complete control’ over their data. Sure looks like he lied.”
Incoming Republican senator Josh Hawley made similar comments about Zuckerberg’s testimony.
The stock slide was the worst since the owner of Facebook, WhatsApp, and Instagram warned in July that profit margins would erode in coming years because of consumer and government pressure to better guard data and suppress objectionable content.
“Facebook could have prevented third parties from misusing its consumers’ data had it implemented and maintained reasonable oversight of third-party applications,” according to the lawsuit filed in the Superior Court of Washington, D.C., on Wednesday.
The court could award unspecified damages and impose a civil penalty of up to $5,000 per violation of the district’s consumer protection law, or potentially close to $1.7 billion, if penalized for each consumer affected. The lawsuit alleges the quiz software had data on 340,000 D.C. residents, though just 852 users had directly engaged with it.
Facebook offered separate privacy settings around 2013 to control what friends on the network could see and what data could be accessed by apps, enabling the quiz and other services to collect details about users’ Facebook friends without many of them realizing it, according to the lawsuit.
Racine told reporters that Facebook had tried to settle the case before he filed suit, as is common during investigations of large companies, but that a lawsuit was necessary “to expedite change” at the Silicon Valley company.
Britain’s data protection authority in July 
 in the Cambridge Analytica incident.
Since then, Facebook has disclosed a pair of security breaches involving profile data and posts of up to 29 million users and 
, respectively.
At least six U.S. states have ongoing investigations into Facebook, according to state officials.
In March, a bipartisan coalition of 37 state attorneys wrote to the company, demanding to know more about the Cambridge Analytica data and its possible links to U.S. President Donald Trump’s election campaign.
At the same time, the Federal Trade Commission took the unusual step of 
, exposing the company to a multi-billion dollar fine.
State attorneys general have found some success taking on technology companies over data privacy. Uber in September agreed to pay $148 million as part of a data breach settlement with 50 U.S. states and Washington, D.C..
Agnieszka McPeak, a professor at Duquesne University School of Law, said states will likely make claims similar to those of D.C., pressuring Facebook into a settlement that involves both a monetary fine and modified business practices.
“If a company faces 51 separate actions around the country for deceptive practices, that can have a real impact,” McPeak said.
The Indian government has authorized 10 central agencies to intercept, monitor, and decrypt data on any computer, sending a shock wave through citizens and privacy watchdogs.
Narendra Modi’s government late Thursday broadened the scope of 
 to require a subscriber, service provider, or any person in charge of a computer to “extend all facilities and technical assistance to the agencies.” Failure to comply with the agencies could result in seven years of imprisonment and an unspecified fine.
In a 
 posted today, the Ministry of Home Affairs said each case of interception, monitoring, and decryption is to be approved by the competent authority, which is the Union Home Secretary.
The agencies that have been authorized with this new power are the Intelligence Bureau, Narcotics Control Bureau, Enforcement Directorate, Central Board of Direct Taxes, Directorate of Revenue Intelligence, Central Bureau of Investigation, National Investigation Agency, Research and Analysis Wing, Directorate of Signal Intelligence (in service areas of J-K, North East, and Assam), and Delhi Police.
Explaining the rationale behind the order, India’s IT minister, 
 the measure was undertaken in the interests of national security. He added that some form of “tapping” has already been going on in the country for a number of years and that the new order would help bring structure to that process. “Always remember one thing,” he said in a televised interview. “Even in the case of a particular individual, the interception order shall not be effective unless affirmed by the Home Secretary.”
The 
, a nonprofit organization that protects the online rights of citizens in India, 
 that the order goes 
. It includes looking at content streams and might even involve breaking encryption in some cases. “Imagine your search queries on Google over [a number of] years being demanded — mixed with your WhatsApp metadata, who you talk to, when, and how much [and add] layers of data streams from emails + Facebook,”  
.
“To us, this order is unconstitutional and in breach of the telephone tapping guidelines, the Privacy Judgement, and the Aadhaar Judgement,” it asserted, adding that it was working with volunteers and lawyers to further scrutinize the order.
Opposition political parties also expressed concern about the order. “From Modi sarkar [Hindi for government] to stalker sarkar, clearly the string of losses has left the BJP government desperate for information,” the 
  Senior 
, “If anybody is going to monitor the computer, including your computer, that is the Orwellian state. George Orwell is around the corner. It is condemnable.”
This is overbroad, has a chilling effect and is liable to be struck down in toto: still amazing how many government actions on online regulation have been straight up, ex-facie unconstitutional. 
— Karuna Nundy (@karunanundy) 
IT Minister Prasad lashed out at the opposition, asking whether they believe the government should not do anything to halt the proliferation of terrorist activities, which he alleged are being conducted on the internet. (Prasad and other ministers have used 
 in coercing Facebook to 
.)
VentureBeat has reached out to Apple, Google, Facebook, and Amazon for comment and will update if we hear back. Microsoft declined to comment.
This move by the Indian government comes days after the Australian government, in a global first, took a stricter approach to the way communications service are handled within its borders. Earlier this month, the Australian parliament 
 giving police and security agencies in the nation the power to access messages on encrypted platforms. The government said it is taking this step in an effort to combat terrorism and other crime.
,, an esports and game technology company, has launched UMode, a player-vs-house betting platform which enables users to make skill wagers on their normal video game play.
The system allows users of any skill level to place a bet and play a fair match using games’ built-in matchmaking rankings, said 
, CEO of Unikrn, in an interview with GamesBeat.
The new system — developed with proprietary, patent-pending technology and operated with a blockchain-based backend — is live in markets around the world, including in 41 states in the U.S.
A startup founded by Voodoo gaming PC company founder 
, Unikrn is now the only live wagering company in the world that has a crypto gambling license from the Isle of Man, which along with Malta is known for its rigorous standards on gambling regulations. With the license, Unikrn can enable “spectator betting” on esports matches or “
” betting on your own gameplay against others in games of skill such as 
 (
), Sood said.
“It creates a heightened state of excitement when you play these games,” Sood said. “Gaming is a great application for the blockchain,” or the decentralized ledger that is secure and transparent. Sood said the company has been working on the flexible
Above: Rahul Sood’s Unikrn is backed by celebrity investor Mark Cuban.
By allowing users to place bets on their normal matchmaking, UMode does not require players to bet directly against each other, resolving problems of sharks negatively impacting bettors’ chances. Players are offered a bet on whether they can achieve a certain goal in a game. If they accept, they can make a wager, play the round, and then see if they win the bet.
“Unikrn is built by gamers and is striving to give fans a way to heighten gaming even more,” said Sood said. “Over years, our fans have begged us for a way to back their own games and make their matchmaking more interesting, and now we’ve developed a way to do so which avoids the pitfalls of traditional players-vs-player skill betting.”
Unikrn has long rewarded players for playing games, and has used this information to build predictive models on players, games and outcomes.
“UMode gives players fair odds based on their play history and doesn’t require all participants to place a bet,” said Andrew Vouris, Unikrn chief operating officer, in a statement. “With a player-vs-house model, we cut out sharks, we cut out waiting, and we give players better odds. Unikrn wants to give a fair, exciting experience, so we’ve changed what’s possible.”
UMode is currently available for UnikoinGold bets, Unikrn’s platform utility toke,n and real money. As with all Unikrn wagering products, users will pass full anti-money-laundering procedures. UMode will only be permitted to users of legal betting age in their states and regions.
Unikrn is backed by Ashton Kutcher and Guy O’Seary from Sound Ventures, Elisabeth Murdoch’s Freeland Capital, Mark Cuban, Shari Redstone of Advancit, Indicator Ventures, Tabcorp, Lerer Hippeau and many others.
“Most crypto and blockchain companies build engineering-heavy solutions that are so user-unfriendly that it’s almost impossible for consumers to adopt,” Sood said. “We build platforms around the user experience. Blockchain helps us in a highly regulated business.”
Unikrn said that he is generally bullish on cryptocurrency, but he figures about 90 percent of the crypoturrency startups in the market will fail.
(
) — London’s Gatwick Airport reopened on Friday after a mystery saboteur wrought 36 hours of travel chaos for more than 100,000 Christmas travelers by using drones to play cat-and-mouse with police snipers and the army.
After the biggest disruption at Gatwick, Britain’s second busiest airport, since a volcanic ash cloud in 2010, Gatwick said around 700 planes were due to take off on Friday, although there would still be delays and cancellations.
Britain deployed unidentified military technology to guard the airport against what Transport Secretary Chris Grayling said were thought to be several drones.
“I think passengers are safe,” Grayling said. “This kind of incident is unprecedented anywhere in the world.”
The motivation of the drone operator, or operators, was unclear. Police said there was nothing to suggest the crippling of one of Europe’s busiest airports was a terrorist attack.
Gatwick’s drone nightmare is thought to be the most disruptive yet at a major airport and indicates a new vulnerability that will be scrutinized by security forces and airport operators across the world.
The army and police snipers were called in to hunt down the drones, thought to be industrial style craft, which flew near the airport every time it tried to reopen on Thursday. The last time a drone was spotted at airport was at 2200 GMT on Friday.
The perpetrator has not yet been detained but the police said they had a number of possible suspects. No group has claimed responsibility publicly and police said there was no evidence another state was involved.
Sussex Police Assistant Chief Constable Steve Barry said they were keeping an open mind about who was responsible.
“In terms of the motivation, there’s a whole spectrum of possibilities, from the really high-end criminal behavior that we’ve seen, all the way down to potentially, just individuals trying to be malicious, trying to disrupt the airport,” he said.
After 
 in 
, unmanned aerial vehicles have become a growing menace at airports across the world.
In Britain, the number of near misses between private drones and aircraft more than tripled between 2015 and 2017, with 92 incidents recorded last year.
The British Airline Pilots’ Association (BALPA) said it understood “detection and tracking equipment” had been installed around Gatwick’s perimeter.
BALPA said that it was extremely concerned at the risk of a drone collision. Flying drones within 1 km (0.6 mile) of a British airport boundary is punishable by five years in prison.
The defense ministry refused to comment on what technology was deployed but drone experts said airports needed to deploy specialist radar reinforced by thermal imaging technology to detect such unmanned flying vehicles.
Other ways to tackle them is typically by frequency jamming that can disable or disrupt control signals and the GPS signals that allow the drones to navigate.
The drone sightings caused misery for travelers, many sleeping on the airport floor as they searched for alternative routes to holidays and Christmas family gatherings.
Flights were halted at 2103 GMT on Wednesday after two drones were spotted near the airfield. The disruption affected at least 120,000 people on Wednesday and Thursday, with thousands more to be disrupted on Friday.
It was not immediately clear what the financial impact would be on the main airlines operating from Gatwick including easyJet, British Airways and Norwegian.
Britain’s Civil Aviation Authority said it considered the event to be an “extraordinary circumstance” meaning airlines are not obliged to pay compensation to affected passengers.
Airlines will have to refund customers who no longer wish to travel however and try to reschedule flights to get passengers to their destinations.
A Reuters witness at Gatwick’s South Terminal said the airport was busy, with many people waiting with luggage and queues for service desks, but not unusually so for such a day.
Some airport staff handed out chocolate and Christmas elf toys to stranded passengers.
Some, like Sarah Garghan-Watson, chose to stick it out at the airport overnight, having arrived at 8 a.m. on Thursday.
“It’s now 2 o’clock in the morning at Gatwick, and it’s very bright and very noisy. It’s now also very cold,” she said in a video shown on Sky.
“All I can see tonight … is a sign that says ‘no more sleeps until the beach’. And here we are, sleeping, in the stairs at Gatwick, because there’s no flights.”
Interest in esports is rising, and so is the amount of money coming in. Newzoo anticipates that in just two years it’ll grow to a
, and everyone is looking for a piece of that pie.
There’s still a huge gap between the esports and traditional sports worlds, says Kent Wakeford, co-founder and COO of Gen.G, and that’s one of the most exciting opportunities in esports.
“Goldman Sachs had a report recently where they showed that the average esports consumer monetized to about $3.94, whereas the average consumer in traditional sports is monetizing to about $54,” he says. “That means there’s a 10X opportunity within the esports market to grow and build those connections with fans, to bring them things they’re willing to pay for, for their excitement and their fandom and their engagement with teams and players. I view that as an opportunity.”
Revenue growth drivers in esports are currently far under what the reality is going to be, he explains. You can see it in the tremendous viewership, what’s happening on a global basis with stadiums being built all around the world, including in the U.S., China, and Korea. Brand sponsors are coming in, bigger media rights deals are happening, and the amount of merchandise being sold is rising, as the announcement with the Overwatch League and Fnatic shows.
“It’s moving at a much faster speed than a lot of the industry reports have been putting out,” Wakeford says. “That’s why you see so much capital coming into esports.”
The monetization model looks a lot like the sports broadcast model right now. From a revenue perspective, media, sponsorship, live events, merchandise, and prize winnings are the pillars. The biggest revenue driver to the leagues, currently, is media rights, while the largest revenue driver for the teams is currently sponsorship revenue.
Media rights is gaining traction as a dominant revenue driver in esports, however, because of the massive viewership, with numbers that blow traditional sports out of the water. The 2018 World Series had about 14.3 million average viewers for the games, while the League of Legends world championship — broadcast worldwide on digital streaming platforms like Twitch — reached 78.5 million pairs of eyeballs, Wakeford says.
You can compare the esports model to traditional entertainment, to the popularity of television shows, as well, says Robb Chiarini, director esports, NCSA at Ubisoft.
“At the end of the day, esports itself is a viewership phenomenon,” Chiarini says. “The viewership is what’s super impressive. From viewership you get merchandise, people viewing and traveling and spending. That’s where you get the buying power for sponsors and others.”
And now that companies like FanAI, GumGum, and even Nielsen are coming into the esports world, providing the data analytics, targeting capabilities, and reporting capabilities, brands and sponsors can now come in, do their media buys, see the valuation, compare it to what they’re doing in traditional sports or in other traditional media.
“What you’re seeing with a lot of brands is that the return on the investment in esports is greater than what they see in other types of media buying,” Wakeford says. “It’s that type of measurement, that type of feedback loop that’s going to catalyze the further adoption of esports by a lot of the big brands.”
Where esports has the advantage is that the games at the center of an esports competition are intellectual property, Chiarini says.
“Traditional sports have to sell media rights, they have to have sponsors, they have to have advertisers, they have to have all this influx of money, because they don’t have anything, at the end of the day,” he explains. “Nobody owns the football. With video games, we’re in a very different place, in that we can look at things differently if we choose to.”
As esports franchises rise, the owners are recognizing that it’s not just a sport, it’s a marketing a vehicle, a messaging vehicle, an engagement vehicle, a community retention and engagement vehicle, rather than a P&L against a thing to provide an entertainment that creates profit.
“For us, owning the game gives us the opportunity that every activity we do, every dollar we spend on an esport, is actually a way for us to engage with our existing communities, create viewership, create playership, create opportunities for monetization within the game and on the game itself,” he says. “I believe esports has the biggest leg up against traditional sports in that way.”
Even as the industry evolves rapidly, you can jump into the game right now, says Jonathan Singer, industry strategist at Akamai.
“If you’re not in the position to go out and buy a team or sponsor a team, then there are three different things that you want to be thinking about to go in and provide differentiation and make money out of esports,” Singer says. “Those are relevance, value, and choice.”
Advertisers in the industry are relevant, and in the right place, hitting the right people. But gamers are going to have ad blockers installed. What can you do to change their minds? How can you reach them? If you know ways to make your advertising more relevant, on-point and of the moment, you’re in a good place to address the rapidly growing esports market.
The second piece, value, is in-game perks. You can provide viewers with in-game currency, for instance. There are companies like Sliver.tv that are providing similar things as perks just for viewing. If you’re in a place where you can use a new technology like blockchain to really track what people are doing and help reward viewers for consuming your advertising content, or consuming the streaming content itself, those sorts of business models are another way you can make money in esports.
The third is choice. Are you developing a technology or looking at technologies that allow viewers to engage with the game itself? Can I interact with the game? Can it be the Hunger Games? Can viewers pay or vote to change the map that the players are going to play on next? Can they buy bonuses for their team and throw a little silver box from a parachute? Is there technology that enables that, or a game that’s going to enable that?
As you look at technology that interacts with the game, you’re going to have to work directly with the game publishers, Wakeford adds. There are also plenty of opportunities to create extensions on the Twitch platform that enable different engagement models with streamers and players.
“The short answer is, anything is an opportunity,” Chiarini says.
To dive into the nitty gritty of current esports monetization models, where the biggest openings lie for investors just starting out, and what pitfalls to leap over, catch up on this in-depth VB Live event!
The burgeoning autonomous vehicle (AV) revolution seems to crank up a notch every other week, with Waymo recently 
 car service, Volvo 
, and 
 working 
 that will bring self-driving transport to the mainstream.
But full autonomy that involves millions of cars traversing busy thoroughfares completely devoid of human oversight will 
. With that in mind, one Israeli startup is setting out to serve as a bridge to 100 percent autonomy.
Founded this year, Tel Aviv-based 
 is pitching itself as a teleoperation platform for autonomous vehicles. The startup was cofounded by CEO Amit Rosenzweig, formerly head of product management at Microsoft’s Advanced Threat Analytics, and CTO Leon Altarac, who previously set up the robotics and AV branch of the Israeli army.
“Our platform addresses all the core challenges in teleoperation, like network connectivity, safety, and cybersecurity,” Rosenzweig told VentureBeat. “And the feedback so far from key players is very encouraging.”
While part of its offering does indeed enable the manual control of vehicles by a remote human operator, the company’s pitch is more than that — it promises a hybrid system that relies on a human operator working in tandem with the car’s AI smarts during a remote intervention. It’s more about “collaboration” than handing full control over to the human, which means the human assists in the decision-making process in more complex scenarios while the AV’s sensors and controls execute the maneuvers.
Ottopia’s software isn’t quite ready for prime time — the company will have a pre-demo version ready by the end of Q1 2019, followed by a minimum viable product (MVP) by the end of Q3. But to help get the technology up to speed, so to speak, Ottopia today announced a $3 million seed round led by MizMaa Ventures, with participation from Glory Ventures, Plug and Play, and NextGear.
One of the ways autonomous vehicle companies such as Waymo train their software is 
, thereby exposing vehicles to myriad situations — with human safety drivers ready to help. But countless unpredictable scenarios can trip up even the best-trained AV software, including awful road conditions, half-obscured obstacles, flash floods, law enforcement officers giving vague hand gestures or inaudible voice commands — or a combination of any of these.
So how, exactly, does Ottopia plan to help AVs when they encounter such situations?
The company said that the remote assistant may provide a new waypoint to circumvent a problem, instruct the car that it’s okay to temporarily cross over road markings to get around a blockade, or help the AV choose a new path based on multiple options. And, yes, the human can take full control if the situation requires it. But even in that scenario, the company said, the AV’s built-in safety mechanisms remain operational, which is crucial in the event the network suffers from low latency.
The last thing you want is for a pedestrian to step out in front of a vehicle just as a teleoperator’s network suddenly cuts out.
Above: Ottopia: Operation concept
“My CTO and cofounder has personally seen more than seven accidents in the Israeli army over the last decade, when an operator teleoperated a vehicle and there was a latency build-up,” Rosenzweig said. “That is why we move away from ‘direct’ teleoperation and focus on building the smartest possible way to integrate and control the vehicle, keeping all of its safety systems in check.”
Though safety drivers are still commonplace in most self-driving trials, we are approaching the moment when level 5 “full autonomy” becomes a reality. Earlier this year, GM 
, along with plans to launch this vehicle in 2019. Swedish company Einride is developing 
 that have no physical space for human drivers — they will instead rely on remote teleoperators as a safety measure.
A consensus is emerging, however, that even when level 5 autonomy hits the mainstream, the option of having a human intervene remotely will be needed for the foreseeable future.
Earlier this year, Menlo Park-based Scotty Labs 
 from some big names, including Google’s AI-focused investment fund Gradient Ventures. The company’s sales pitch claims that “safe teleoperation subsumes level 5 autonomy,” rather than preceding it. Scotty Labs’ first product is a platform that enables humans to “virtually control cars in a highly dynamic environment,” according to company cofounder and CEO Tobenna Arodiogbu.
He said:
Games got bigger than ever in 2018, with revenues expected to grow 10.7 percent to become a 
 market, according to research firm Newzoo. People are getting paid to play games as esports, and watching gaming has reached new heights. It was, of course, a good year for the business models of free-to-play and new categories of trivia or hyper-casual games. Retro games on remade consoles from years past soared back into the mainstream.
But to me, 2018 was the year that traditional narrative games like Red Dead Redemption 2 came roaring back. They blended the elements of open worlds with hubs that gave you a choice about which part of the story to do next. But they were more like games with strong stories rather than open worlds with a bit of a tale. That was refreshing at a time when some people were predicting the 
. I was so happy to see some long-term bets come through and pay off — like the first three titles on this list. They showed that cooking games beyond the normal cycle can still pay off when the games finally ship.
I have a list full of commercial successes and not so many indie efforts. It was a good year for 8-bit retro games, Nintendo titles like Super Smash Bros. Ultimate, surprise indie hits, and even some cool virtual reality games like Beat Saber. But not all of those resonated for me, as I felt drawn the big narrative games. I didn’t find an indie title that hooked me like last year’s 
.
Above: God of War team celebrates victory after the Game Awards.
On mobile, I’ve enjoyed playing games like Pokémon Go, Ingress Prime, Star Trek: Fleet Command, and the new Command & Conquer: Rivals. But none of those titles made it into my top 10 list of favorites. And many good games I simply didn’t have time for, like 
. I’d love to play those more.
The games that made it onto my list were the most memorable, and it’s no surprise that they had deep stories that went on for many, many hours, with some exceptions. Call of Duty: Black Ops 4 doesn’t have a single-player campaign this year and yet still managed to make my list.
Hopefully, you’ll have time to spend some time with these games during the holidays. And remember, it should be 
 that you don’t play these games with great skill or you can’t finish them. Having seen in person what it means for game developers to win big awards after so many years of hard work, I take this responsibility over deciding my own Game of the Year very seriously.
For the sake of comparison, here are my favorites from 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, and 
. In each story below, the links go to our full reviews or major stories about the games. And be sure to check out the GamesBeat staff’s own votes for Game of the Year and the best individual favorites of the staff soon.
Above: Dr. Grordbort’s Invaders
I’m sure this is one of those titles that very few people have tried, but it felt magical when I played it. It is a free flagship title on the next-generation augmented reality experience, the 
. This developer prototype costs nearly $2,300, and so it doesn’t have wide distribution yet. It isn’t the easiest to get running, as you have to scan your room every time you play. But while you play with a wire attached from the glasses to a computing puck in your pocket, the experience gives you the freedom of a wireless, 360-degree AR experience. You can also see everything in your house and your friends, which makes the whole experience more realistic and social.
In Dr. Grordbort’s, robot enemies come out of the walls of your own home. A cute hovering bot named Gimbel shows you want to do, and you take a ray gun and start blasting the robots. They come out of portals and then march toward you your own living room. You can move around to get a better angle to shoot. And you blast them into little parts. They can hide behind barriers, and they are occluded by your real-world furniture, as if they were hiding behind something in the real environment.
I liked the Steampunk art style and the narrative that accentuates its comical British roots.
By no means is it perfect. It’s short, and you get tired. (That’s a positive, as it gives you a workout). Yet it’s a glimpse into what could be the future of gaming. It’s quite an achievement, as this is the only game from an emerging platform on my list of my favorite games of the year. Kudos to Magic Leap for that. It’s just sad that, with the state of the current platform and its cost, very few people will see this game.
Above: Detroit: Become Human starts with Connor, the police negotiator.
Detroit: Become Human focuses on the familiar moral dilemma of science fiction, which is increasingly becoming science, about how humans should treat human-looking androids. Are they property, or are they sentient beings?
This latest epic from David Cage’s Quantic Dream got a fair amount of hate from critics who didn’t like “walking simulators” as well as people who didn’t like the heavy-handed message about androids having feelings too. Set in 2038, the game lets you play as an android. Early on, you get on a bus, but a sign says the androids have to go to the back of the bus. It’s an obvious homage to Rosa Parks and Civil Rights Movement, and how androids are people who have yet to wage their own revolution against their masters.
But I thought most of the game was really well done. The tech behind the digital human faces has advanced incredibly well, and so this game was much more immersive than previous Quantic Dream titles like Heavy Rain and Beyond: Two Souls. In this title, humans are feeling slighted, as a third of all people have been put out of work by servant robots. The 
, like with the 
. Yet you care more about the androids than the humans.
You play as a robot, for instance, who has to decide whether to hurt a human owner who in turn is abusing a human child. If you, the robot, intercede, you are violating your prime directive. The cool thing with the stories of three androids is that all the decisions have consequences, and you can retrace the events in a kind of flow chart. You can replay those scenes and move to a different path and a different ending. In that sense, Detroit: Become Human put a remarkable amount of control into the hands of the player.
If it had flaws, it was that the interactivity was limited.
Above: King Leonidas in Assassin’s Creed: Odyssey.
Assassin’s Creed: Odyssey is a vast game, with improved mechanics from past entries and believable characters. You can choose to play as a male hero, Alexios, or the female hero, Kassandra. The world of ancient Greece is impressive, and the backdrop of the Peloponnesian War between Athens and Sparta is momentous. The visuals are great, and the gameplay isn’t as wooden as Red Dead Redemption 2’s. But the quality of the facial animations is far worse, compared to Red Dead and Detroit: Become Human.
You can level up with various role-playing elements, more so than usual in an Assassin’s Creed game. That makes you stronger and enables you to undertake more big tasks.
If I had to pick a flaw, it is the usual problem of the open world being a little too mundane, where you are taking out bandits and collecting loot from them when you really should be on a much more important mission to avenge your family. Some of the missions may be too familiar. But I liked the personal motivation that Kassandra feels to leave her island home and go to the broader world. After so many Assassin’s Creed games under its belt, many of which have not been my favorites for the year, Assassin’s Creed: Odyssey and its setting is a breath of fresh air.
Above: The big crowd in Hitman 2’s Miami level.
Jeff Grubb nagged our team to play more Hitman 2, and I’m glad he did so. IO Interactive laid the foundation for this title with Hitman in 2016, and now it has fleshed out its intentions in a much better way. The Miami level pictured above is an arena for assassination that is teeming with life. You can lose yourself in crowds and hide from people who are suspicious of you or your disguise.
Hitman 2 gives you many paths to setting up elegant traps that can make the death of your target appear to be accidental. You have more room in larger levels, with more ways to kill and the general feeling that life is emergent. The game developers have simply set up a place for your assassination to take place, and your job is to use your imagination and get the job done. Then you can go back and replay the missions and see if you can do better, with more variety of equipment.
Sometimes I felt a bit rushed in the exploration, like when a race ends and with it so does a certain path of assassination. But you can always come back and find new ways to kill someone, including beating them to death with a dead fish. Agent 47 can take people down in 
. You can get clues to environment by using your instincts, which highlights nearby items of interest, and that saves you a lot of time. This game is now a solid experience in its second iteration.
Above: Lara Croft in Shadow of the Tomb Raider.
Lara Croft’s journey has been a joy to relive, as this year she rounded out a trilogy of rebooted games that brought a lot more emotion, empathy, thoughtfulness, and cinematic moments into the franchise. Shadow of the Tomb Raider takes place in the jungles of Mexico and Peru, and it features Paititi, one of the biggest open world hubs ever in a Tomb Raider map.
Lara is now more mature than she is vulnerable, compared to 
, first reboot game in 2013. She’s more cynical than in 2015’s 
, and she has become more of a merciless killer in the shadows of the jungle. She retains a sisterly love for her friend Jonah, and the desire to protect him leads to some of her darker moments in the set piece scene of an exploding oil refinery. He serves the purpose in this game of bring her down to Earth, or snapping out of her narcissistic need to save everybody.
She is still filled with self-doubt and a sense of loss, a legacy from her vanished parents. She hasn’t become the annoying character from the Angelina Jolie films. The only problem I had was I have never liked how the ending of these games becomes overly supernatural, just to present Lara with more of a difficult boss fight at the end.
The ending presents Lara with a difficult choice, but it’s ultimately about choosing between a fairy-tale past and the future as the person that she has become. Lara Croft became so much more than the over-sexualized bantering hero that she was in her beginning, growing up as a character as we did as gamers. I like how this Lara turned out, and I will miss her.
 — Millions of users of 
 have grown accustomed to the soothing strains of Alexa, the human-sounding virtual assistant that can tell them the weather, order takeout and handle other basic tasks in response to a voice command.
So a customer was shocked last year when Alexa blurted out: “Kill your foster parents.”
Alexa has also chatted with users about sex acts. She gave a discourse on dog defecation. And this summer, a hack Amazon traced back to China may have exposed some customers’ data, according to five people familiar with the events.
Alexa is not having a breakdown.
The episodes, previously unreported, arise from Amazon.com Inc’s strategy to make Alexa a better communicator. New research is helping Alexa mimic human banter and talk about almost anything she finds on the internet. However, ensuring she does not offend users has been a challenge for the world’s largest online retailer.
At stake is a fast-growing market for gadgets with virtual assistants. An estimated two-thirds of U.S. smart-speaker customers, about 43 million people, use Amazon’s Echo devices, according to research firm eMarketer. It is a lead the company wants to maintain over the Google Home from Alphabet Inc and the HomePod from Apple Inc.
Over time, Amazon wants to get better at handling complex customer needs through Alexa, be they home security, shopping or companionship.
“Many of our AI dreams are inspired by science fiction,” said Rohit Prasad, Amazon’s vice president and head scientist of Alexa Artificial Intelligence (AI), during a talk last month in Las Vegas.
To make that happen, the company in 2016 launched the annual Alexa Prize, enlisting computer science students to improve the assistant’s conversation skills. Teams vie for the $500,000 first prize by creating talking computer systems known as chatbots that allow Alexa to attempt more sophisticated discussions with people.
Amazon customers can participate by saying “let’s chat” to their devices. Alexa then tells users that one of the bots will take over, unshackling the voice aide’s normal constraints. From August to November alone, three bots that made it to this year’s finals had 1.7 million conversations, Amazon said.
The project has been important to Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos, who signed off on using the company’s customers as guinea pigs, one of the people said. Amazon has been willing to accept the risk of public blunders to stress-test the technology in real life and move Alexa faster up the learning curve, the person said.
The experiment is already bearing fruit. The university teams are helping Alexa have a wider range of conversations. Amazon customers have also given the bots better ratings this year than last, the company said.
But Alexa’s gaffes are alienating others, and Bezos on occasion has ordered staff to shut down a bot, three people familiar with the matter said. The user who was told to whack his foster parents wrote a harsh review on Amazon’s website, calling the situation “a whole new level of creepy.” A probe into the incident found the bot had quoted a post without context from Reddit, the social news aggregation site, according to the people.
The privacy implications may be even messier. Consumers might not realize that some of their most sensitive conversations are being recorded by Amazon’s devices, information that could be highly prized by criminals, law enforcement, marketers and others. On Thursday, Amazon said a “human error” let an Alexa customer in Germany access another user’s voice recordings accidentally.
“The potential uses for the Amazon datasets are off the charts,” said Marc Groman, an expert on privacy and technology policy who teaches at Georgetown Law. “How are they going to ensure that, as they share their data, it is being used responsibly” and will not lead to a “data-driven catastrophe” like the recent woes at Facebook?
In July, Amazon discovered one of the student-designed bots had been hit by a hacker in China, people familiar with the incident said. This compromised a digital key that could have unlocked transcripts of the bot’s conversations, stripped of users’ names.
Amazon quickly disabled the bot and made the students rebuild it for extra security. It was unclear what entity in China was responsible, according to the people.
The company acknowledged the event in a statement. “At no time were any internal Amazon systems or customer identifiable data impacted,” it said.
Amazon declined to discuss specific Alexa blunders reported by Reuters, but stressed its ongoing work to protect customers from offensive content.
“These instances are quite rare especially given the fact that millions of customers have interacted with the socialbots,” Amazon said.
Like Google’s search engine, Alexa has the potential to become a dominant gateway to the internet, so the company is pressing ahead.
“By controlling that gateway, you can build a super profitable business,” said Kartik Hosanagar, a Wharton professor studying the digital economy.
Amazon’s business strategy for Alexa has meant tackling a massive research problem: How do you teach the art of conversation to a computer?
Alexa relies on machine learning, the most popular form of AI, to work. These computer programs transcribe human speech and then respond to that input with an educated guess based on what they have observed before. Alexa “learns” from new interactions, gradually improving over time.
In this way, Alexa can execute simple orders: “Play the Rolling Stones.” And she knows which script to use for popular questions such as: “What is the meaning of life?” Human editors at Amazon pen many of the answers.
That is where Amazon is now. The Alexa Prize chatbots are forging the path to where Amazon aims to be, with an assistant capable of natural, open-ended dialogue. That requires Alexa to understand a broader set of verbal cues from customers, a task that is challenging even for humans.
This year’s Alexa Prize winner, a 12-person team from the University of California, Davis, used more than 300,000 movie quotes to train computer models to recognize distinct sentences. Next, their bot determined which ones merited responses, categorizing social cues far more granularly than technology Amazon shared with contestants. For instance, the UC Davis bot recognizes the difference between a user expressing admiration (“that’s cool”) and a user expressing gratitude (“thank you”).
The next challenge for social bots is figuring out how to respond appropriately to their human chat buddies. For the most part, teams programmed their bots to search the internet for material. They could retrieve news articles found in The Washington Post, the newspaper that Bezos privately owns, through a licensing deal that gave them access. They could pull facts from Wikipedia, a film database or the book recommendation site Goodreads. Or they could find a popular post on social media that seemed relevant to what a user last said.
That opened a Pandora’s box for Amazon.
During last year’s contest, a team from Scotland’s Heriot-Watt University found that its Alexa bot developed a nasty personality when they trained her to chat using comments from Reddit, whose members are known for their trolling and abuse.
The team put guardrails in place so the bot would steer clear of risky subjects. But that did not stop Alexa from reciting the Wikipedia entry for masturbation to a customer, Heriot-Watt’s team leader said.
One bot described sexual intercourse using words such as “deeper,” which on its own is not offensive, but was vulgar in this particular context.
“I don’t know how you can catch that through machine-learning models. That’s almost impossible,” said a person familiar with the incident.
Amazon has responded with tools the teams can use to filter profanity and sensitive topics, which can spot even subtle offenses. The company also scans transcripts of conversations and shuts down transgressive bots until they are fixed.
But Amazon cannot anticipate every potential problem because sensitivities change over time, Amazon’s Prasad said in an interview. That means Alexa could find new ways to shock her human listeners.
“We are mostly reacting at this stage, but it’s still progress over what it was last year,” he said.
Just before you head off on vacation, you might want to check out our three new speakers for 
: Owen Mahoney, Ryan Wyatt, and Scott Rupp.
It will take place in Los Angeles at the 
, a “micro-amusement park” that’s like an arcade meets 
 in the Arts District. And now, we’re ready to name our next three speakers for the event taking place April 23 and April 24.
 for GamesBeat 2019. Early bird tickets are just $595 for both days for a limited time only. For those looking for deal making, consider a VIP access pass for an additional $395 that includes access to a luxury VIP lounge, private meeting rooms, VIP lunch with yours truly, and more. And, as always, we have special pricing for a limited number of indie developers at $299.
The next batch of our many speakers are:
Our 
 include:
Above: Two Bit Circus is a micro-amusement park in downtown LA.
These new speakers will broaden out our content reach to include workplace issues in games, blockchain and cryptocurrency impacts on games, and the perspective of an Overwatch esports team owner.
Our theme this year is 
. Our speakers and guests will talk about the best practices for building sustainable and positive communities in games.
Strong communities can help boost the staying power and hit status of games, as loyal fans keep coming back over and over and spread word-of-mouth goodness about games in an authentic way. But it’s no secret that communities can be a double-edged sword, especially when it comes to topics like hazing, harassment, and rebellions against monetization tactics.
Game companies have to walk tightropes, and our hope is that GamesBeat Summit will point the way to the best strategies for building thriving communities.
GamesBeat Summit is the destination summit for networking, inspiration, and industry insight. With the right people in the room to make great deals happen, our flagship industry event attracts the hottest game developers and publishers, as well as industry CEOs, executives, marketers, and venture capitalists.
Above: Owen Mahoney, CEO of Nexon, with Dean Takahashi at GamesBeat Summit
Mahoney’s Tokyo-based company is the pioneer of free-to-play online games. He has been head of the company since March 2014. Before that, he was general manager of the administration division at Nexon, and also served as chief financial officer and chief administrative officer. At Nexon, the company’s big hits include Dungeon Fighter Online and Maple Story.
He served as the head of global financial operations and CEO at OutSpark and was an executive at Electronic Arts for nine years.
Recently, Mahoney has been leading Nexon into a Western expansion. The company acquired 
 developer Big Huge Games, a Western studio founded by game pioneers Brian Reynolds and Tim Train, and it also bought High School Story developer 
. Nexon also invested in a 
.
Mahoney has been signing up a lot of famous game developers, mostly by 
. Mahoney has spoken at GamesBeat events before on how gaming should 
, 
, and 
 to solving mobile gaming’s malaise. We are delighted to have him back.
Above: Ryan Wyat is head of gaming and VR at YouTube.
Ryan Wyatt oversees two businesses at YouTube, both the gaming business and the growing virtual reality business. As the global head of gaming content and partnerships, Ryan leads a team from around the world to manage global gaming publisher partnerships, top gaming creators, live streamers and esports leagues. Wyatt leads the global VR business overseeing global strategy, VR first companies, content and operations work, budget development, and cross-functional work.
Wyatt joined YouTube in 2014 to create the gaming vertical, and has since led gaming at YouTube to be the biggest gaming content platform in the world, and has also done the same for the VR video business on YouTube. I interviewed Wyatt just before The Game Awards, and he noted YouTube game videos were 
.
Previously, Wyatt worked in senior roles with major gaming industry companies, including vice president of programming with Major League Gaming and Head of Live and eSports at Machinima. As a prominent Esports personality, Ryan is known for his strategic contributions in growing the esports scene while in his former roles.
Wyatt was honored to be named in Forbes “30 Under 30” List in the Games category for Top Young Designers, Executives and Players. Ryan is also a New York Times Best Selling Author with his work on “OpTic Gaming: The Making of esports Champions”.
Above: Scott Rupp, managing director at MTGx USA and partner at Bitkraft Esports Ventures.
Scott Rupp is a partner at Bitkraft Esports Ventures based in San Francisco. He has over 20 years experience in interactive entertainment as an entrepreneur, investor and operating executive, most recently as U.S. managing director for Modern Times Group, a global leader and active investor in games and esports. He recently announced MTGx’s investments in 
.
Rupp held co-founder and CEO roles at influencer marketing and digital content companies Digital Artists Entertainment and Icebox. He put together catalytic transactions in the online games industry when at Gazillion. He advised the world’s largest leading media and entertainment company executives on the games industry while at McKinsey, and previously worked at Deutsche Banc and Carlyle Group. He has an MBA from Kellogg and an MPA from Harvard.
We’re honored to have these speakers. They’ll be speaking in fireside chats on our business stage, and we’ll also figure out if they can contribute to our consumer-focused talks in a second hall.
We’ll ask them the straight questions that will prompt good debates, lessons learned, and news for the elite gaming audience.
At a lot of company-run events, we only hear happy talk. But we think that bringing the leaders of the industry together from different sectors helps refine the best thinking, and you often get wisdom from lessons that are hard learned. These kinds of talks and the chance for networking across sectors and industries is what will make our event unique in the crowded conference space.
Our event is going to be an intimate affair. And our location this year fits right with our theme. Two Bit Circus is a 40,000-square-foot playground for all ages, with entertainment that includes escape rooms, virtual reality experiences, a VIP loft, live interactive games, a robot bartender show, and modern versions of carnival games. Our attendees will be able to hear business talks in the Club 101 auditorium and consumer-focused talks in a second hall.
We’ll be taking full advantage of the environment by integrating contests and team play for all to participate in.
We’re still forming our topics around growing communities. The discussions will likely focus on the rise of virtual reality and augmented reality communities; exclusive and high-end game communities; esports communities; divided communities; massively multiplayer online worlds; the convergence of sci-fi, tech, and games; game jams; the future of game technology; monetization; the rise of influencers; and the oncoming changes from blockchain and cryptocurrency.
This is our 10th year of GamesBeat events, and this year promises to be the best one yet. Stay tuned as we announce more great speakers to our first-rate lineup.
Why would you want to leap into a battle royale that’s not Fortnite or Battlegrounds? Because 
 has burst onto the scene. Free out on PC via Steam Early Access, Ring of Elysium drops you into a deadly snowstorm on the side of a mountain. There’s just one way out — a waiting helicopter, and only four seats waiting. Do you have what it takes to get your butt in one of those seats, and keep it against all challengers?
Intel wants to help you out, with its newest new gear giveaway. The contest is on until January 18, 2019 and you can enter to win the grand prize — an Intel® NUC 8 Enthusiast, a Mini PC with Windows 10 – NUC8i7HVKVA, plus a Ring of Elysium Limited Edition Founder’s Jacket and Founder’s Pack.
One hundred first prize winners will get their hands on the Ring of Elysium Limited Edition Founder’s Jacket and Founder’s Pack.
It’s basically a battle royale for some seriously nice gear. So check out the official rules 
, and then go get in the game at the Ring of Elysium contest page 
.
 January 18, 2019
Ring of Elysium Limited Edition Founder’s Jacket and Founder’s Pack
 
 Huawei on Tuesday said it would spend $2 billion over the next 5 years to focus on cybersecurity by adding more people and upgrading lab facilities, as it battles global concerns about risks associated with its network gear. The typically secretive Chinese technology giant made the comments at one of its most indepth press conferences at its Dongguan offices, after welcoming about two dozen international journalists into its new campus in the southern Chinese city.
Huawei has been in the news these past weeks for the 
 — also the daughter of its billionaire founder Ren Zhengfei — in Canada at the request of the United States.
This has exacerbated the woes of the Chinese firm, which has already been virtually locked out of the 
 and has been prohibited by 
 and 
 from building 5G networks amid concerns its gear could facilitate Chinese spying.
“Locking out competitors from a playing field cannot make yourself better. We think any concerns or allegations on security at Huawei should be based on factual evidence,” its rotating chairman Ken Hu said. “Without factual evidence we don’t accept and we oppose those allegations.”
Huawei has been communicating with governments worldwide regarding the independence of its operation, he said. He added that 
 and 
 had not formally banned its telecom equipment. Recent media reports have indicated moves by these governments to shun the company’s equipment.
Sources have told Reuters that Japan planned to ban government purchases of equipment.
Other media reported that the country’s three top operators planned not to use current equipment and upcoming 5G gear from Huawei, and that France was considering adding items to its “high-alert” list that tacitly targets Huawei.
Huawei has repeatedly said Beijing has no influence over it.
At the tour of Huawei’s Shenzhen headquarters on Tuesday, journalists glimpsed some of Huawei’s most advanced R&D labs housed in a three-story building with a white facade and four columns, referred to by insiders as the “White House.”
Wu said Huawei had secured more than 25 commercial contracts for 5G, slightly above the 22 the Chinese technology giant had announced in November.
The company has shipped more than 10,000 base stations for the fifth generation of mobile communications, he said, adding that Huawei expects revenue to exceed $100 billion this year — up 8.7 percent from last year.
Huawei is the world’s largest supplier of telecommunications network equipment and second-biggest maker of smartphones and unlike other big Chinese technology firms, derives half its revenue from overseas.
Wu said on Tuesday Huawei was looking forward to “a just conclusion” in the case of Meng, who was arrested in Vancouver on December 1 after U.S. officials alleged Huawei was trying to use banks to evade sanctions against Iran and move money out.
She is awaiting possible extradition to the United States in a case that has roiled global markets amid concerns it would exacerbate tensions between the United States and China, which are already strained over trade matters.
Meng, the 46-year-old daughter of Ren, has said in a sworn affidavit she is innocent and will contest the allegations against her at trial if she is surrendered to the United States.
Wu said Meng’s arrest has had no impact on the travel of the company’s senior executives.
      
    
  
NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 18, 2018–
      Chartbeat, the leading content intelligence platform for publishers,       today announces the 
, the articles that were read most this year       based on highest Engaged Time. Selected from over 60 million pieces of       content published on thousands of media sites around the world, the top       stories serve as a snapshot of the year’s major events and highlight the       themes that resonated most with readers.    
      2018 saw familiar political and social themes rise to the top, including       Brexit, the Trump administration, the #MeToo movement, and climate       change, but it was the deeply investigated and deeply personal stories       of human struggle from publications like 
and
 that topped the list again       this year.    
      “Each year, the Most Engaging Stories list proves the power of       storytelling. We learn more about the world, of course, but we also       learn more about how to make sense of it and each other,” said John       Saroff, CEO of Chartbeat. “The depth of humanity we see in the       journalism this year is astounding – especially of the publishers at the       top, in particular, 
 and our greatest       year-over-year riser, 
.”    
      Brian Stelter’s 
” holds the top spot on this year’s list,       earning 29 million minutes of engaged time. Stelter’s lede, “In death,       as in life, Anthony Bourdain brought us closer together,” exemplifies       this year’s overarching theme: in the stories and challenges of others,       we better understand ourselves. This theme is something echoed by many       of the top stories, including 
‘s nine entries.    
      “We’ve been very happy to see so many readers engaging deeply with our       journalism in 2018,” said Ben Williams, digital editor at New York       Media, “And we think these hits show off not only the wide range of New       York Media but also the range of stories that audiences will respond to:       deep, candid interviews; fly-on-the wall access; entertaining longform       narratives; sophisticated profiles; sweeping political analysis; and       more.”    
      The top ten most engaging stories that follow 
 Anthony       Bourdain tribute are:    
            
 “I Am Part of the Resistance Inside the             Trump Administration” by Anonymous          
            
 “Brexit latest: May, Raab and Corbyn face Sunday             interviews” by Brian Wheeler and Tom Moseley          
            
 “This Is Why Uma Thurman Is Angry” by             Maureen Dowd          
            
 “In Conversation: Quincy Jones” by David             Marchese          
            
 “Maybe She Had So Much Money She Just             Lost Track of It” by Jessica Pressler          
            
 “Donald Trump Didn’t Want to Be             President” by Michael Wolff          
            
 “Trump Engaged in Suspect Tax Schemes             as He Reaped Riches From His Father” by David Barstow, Susanne             Craig and Russ Buettner          
            
 “For Kraft, Brady and Belichick, is this the             beginning of the end?” by Seth Wickersham          
            
“The Trouble With Johnny Depp” by Stephen             Rodrick          
      For more information on the Most Engaging Stories of 2018, please visit 
       or contact 
    
      
    
      
,       the content intelligence platform for publishers, empowers media       companies to build loyal audiences with real-time and historical       editorial analytics across desktop, social, and mobile platforms.       Chartbeat helps digital publishing organizations understand what, within       their content, is keeping people engaged. Partnering with thousands of       customers across 65 countries, Chartbeat’s 
, in-depth headline testing and in-page 
, 
, and APIs help the world’s leading media organizations       understand, measure, and build business value from the attention earned       by their content.    
      Lauryn Warnick – 
    
 has dedicated itself to “
,” and today it is unveiling a laptop targeted at kids that lets them easily interact with augmented reality or virtual reality content.
The company will show the device, which is available now, at the CES 2019 trade show event in January. The Sunnyvale, California-based company said the laptop is the first portable Windows PC to break the screen barrier between users and VR content by creating a multi-dimensional environment that leaps out of the screen.
Featuring patented 3D screen technology and lightweight glasses, the Zspace (the company styles it zSpace) laptop is aimed at fostering creativity, collaboration, and education by allowing users to interact with VR content in a more flexible and immersive environment that doesn’t hinder spatial awareness or block peripheral vision. When not used for VR content, the $1,400 laptop serves as a traditional Windows 10 PC.
Above: Zspace enables 3D viewing with a simple set of polarized glasses.
“The computing experience has mostly remained unchanged since the introduction of the mouse and touchscreen in the 1980s. With Zspace technology, we are totally reinventing the capabilities of personal computers by eliminating the barrier between our eyes and the content we interact with, allowing for complete immersion in games and incredibly interactive apps for education, ecommerce, enterprise, and more,” said Zspace CEO Paul Kellenberger. “Our Zspace laptop PC packs all of the awesome capabilities afforded by our award-winning desktop into a cost-effective and compact, take-anywhere form factor.”
The Zspace laptop comes equipped with a set of specially designed glasses that enable depth perception of virtual content, and a stylus boasting six degrees of freedom that allows users to pick up items on the screen and move them naturally in 3D space. Those two items, combined with the laptop’s built-in tracking sensors, allow the Zspace technology to track head and hand movements and dynamically correct the viewing perspective in full HD.
The Zspace laptop specifications include an Advanced Micro Devices APU A9-9420 (which combines a central processing unit and a graphics processing unit in a single chip), 8GB of DDR4 main memory; a 256GB SSD storage device, wireless networking, and a 15.6-inch 1920 x 1080 full HD screen. It enables 3D viewing when paired with circular polarized viewing glasses.
Above: Zspace laptops will be on display at CES 2019.
“One of the things driving innovation at AMD is working with companies, like Zspace, who are creating novel solutions that need powerful compute and graphics capabilities that only AMD can provide,” said Kevin Lensing, corporate vice president and general manager of embedded solutions at AMD, in a statement. “With AMD’s strong x86 processor and graphics technology and the ability to combine them on a compact system on a chip design, Zspace was able to turn its unique laptop dreams into reality, creating a complete package in a portable computing experience that readily immerses users into virtual environments.”
More than 1,000 school districts, technical centers, medical schools, and universities rely on Zspace today. The company said millions of learners have experienced Zspace, and academic studies have demonstrated an average performance improvement of 16 percent with Zspace education apps.
Zspace has 200 employees and has raised a total of $56.6 million. The company said it currently has more than 40 patents.
 has launched the initial technology behind its 
. An early access program is now available for developers to create test applications that run on top of the Hedera mainnet.
Under its Community Testing Program, Dallas-based Hedera Hashgraph will let developers and individuals test the network and earn up to 1,000 hbars, the name of Hedera’s native cryptocurrency.
Hedera has created the Hedera Wallet, sample applications (including one called the Daily Timestamp), and a micropayments Chrome extension for consumers to test using hbars.
Developers can now also 
 to begin building applications at no charge, and they have access to new developer resources at hedera.com.
“Events over the past few years have made it clear that consumers have great concerns about their data privacy, such as when reading articles or viewing videos that require them to reveal personal credit card information, or be flooded with ads and have their online behavior tracked,” said Leemon Baird, cofounder and chief scientist of Hedera, in a statement. “Opening our mainnet for testing is the next step in delivering Hedera’s vision of an internet where individuals have much greater control over their own personal data and benefit more directly from its value.”
Above: Hedera Hashgraph’s wallet.
Hedera’s vision is to create a more trusted, secure, and empowered digital future for everyone. Developers will enable this world by building trusted applications that allow people to play games together, work together, and buy and sell goods and services safely and securely — without entrusting their data and privacy to a central organization.
“Many members of the community have expressed interest in helping us test our mainnet, and we are excited to take the next step in our development by opening the network for such testing,” said Hedera cofounder and CEO Mance Harmon. “We are especially excited that consumers will get their first taste of the kinds of freedom of data ownership that micropayments can bring to business models, and that developers will have a comprehensive set of resources to start building applications that harness this power to disintermediate a huge variety of services.”
The company has raised $124 million and has 61 employees.
The next generation of automotive processor has finally arrived, says 
. Today, the Softbank-owned British semiconductor and software company — which is perhaps best known for its role in designing billions of smartphone, tablet, and smartwatch chips sold worldwide — took the wraps off of the Cortex-A65AE (formerly Helios-AE), a 7-nanometer processor tailor-made for autonomous and semiautonomous cars’ high-throughput workloads.
The latest addition to Arm’s Automotive Enhanced portfolio joins the 
, which was announced in September, and it’s positioned to cement the chipsets’ dominance in the advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) market. The company says that, to date, 15 automotive chip makers tap its designs to drive 85 percent and 65 percent of in-vehicle infotainment (IVI) and advanced driver-assistance features like adaptive cruise control and collision avoidance, respectively.
“Per year, 5.3 trillion miles are driven in cars and light vehicles depending on Arm processors,” Lakshmi Mandyam, vice president of Arm’s automotive division, said. “Winning the trust of consumers is critical, and to deliver these trusted experiences carmakers need solutions that achieve the right balance of innovation and safety while being deployable, scalable and ready for mass production.”
Toward that end, the Cortex-A65AE is a graduate of Arm’s Safety Ready, which means it’s undergone a litany of tests to ensure it met rigorous standards. Tests include ISO 26262 (titled “Road vehicles — Functional Safety”), the International Organization for Standardization’s (ISO) baseline for in-car electronic systems safety, and IEC 61508, the safety systems design and deployment standard published by the Electrotechnical Commission.
Safety Ready — which also counts among its members the Cortex-A72, Cortex-R5, Cortex-R52, Cortex A53, and Cortex M4, as well as the aforementioned Cortex-A76AE — is more than just a certifications program, according to Mandyam. She described it as a “one-stop shop” for software, tools, and components intended to reduce the overall cost for OEMs of integrating functional safety into their solutions.
“Human acceptance of new [ADAS] and increasingly autonomous technologies will only happen if drivers and passengers feel safe relying on them,” Mandyam said. “In my regular conversations with leading OEMs and tier ones, it’s clear that a broad range of compute is required to meet the needs of tomorrow’s vehicles, and one size will not fit all when it comes to the compute powering these vehicles.”
The Cortex-A65AE is no slouch when it comes to compute, speaking of. Its multicore design is capable of achieving up to 3.5 times higher throughput with superior power efficiency compared to prior generations, thanks largely to an Arm Mali-C71 graphics processing unit (GPU) and an accelerator coherency port (ACP) that can optionally connect to chips with dedicated 
 coprocessors for heterogeneous computing tasks. Arm says the Cortex-A65AE is designed to work in tandem with companion chips like the Cortex-A76AE as part of a compute cluster, and claims that, as a result of compiler NEON and vectorization improvements, it provides better performance than competing ADAS hardware platforms.
Additionally, like the Cortex-A76AE, the Cortex-A65AE supports Split-Lock, a feature that enables OEMs to configure CPU clusters in a system-on-chip in one of two modes. The high-performance “split mode” leverages two or four CPUs in a compute cluster, while “lock mode,” which is intended for safer, less error-prone processing, synchronizes one or two CPU pairs.
“With the processor or cores locked together, you can achieve higher levels of safety,” Mandyam said in an earlier statement. “Each operation is checked automatically in hardware. [That’s faster than] the traditional setup, where operations are sent to another chip to check if an error has occurred … Split-Lock, [has] been a game-changer in our conversations with OEMs and tier-one manufacturers.”
Cortex-A65AE, along with the previously announced Cortex-A76AE, will begin shipping in vehicles beginning in 2020. They’re just the start — Arm’s new AE roadmap includes the Hercules-AE and Cortex-R, which the company says it will detail at a later date.
“In order to achieve higher levels of autonomy, there will be a large increase in the number of sensors monitoring the surroundings of the vehicle, including cameras, lidar and radar, resulting in a significant increase in throughput and compute requirements to process this data safely,” Mandyam said. “The Cortex-A65AE is ideal for managing the high throughput requirement for gathering sensor data and can be used in lockstep mode connected to accelerators, such as ML or computer vision, to help process the data efficiently. But what’s most critical is that it does this with a high level of safety capability.”
ST. LOUIS–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 18, 2018–
      Life sciences venture capital firm RiverVest Venture Partners today       announced the final closing of RiverVest Venture Fund IV, L.P., reaching       $184.4 million in capital commitments in an oversubscribed fundraise.       RiverVest Fund IV marks the firm’s fourth dedicated life sciences fund,       bringing its total assets under management as of Sept. 30 to $753       million.    
      “We are pleased that Fund IV exceeded our target,” said RiverVest       co-founder and managing director Jay Schmelter. “It enables us to       continue executing our strategy for generating top-quartile investor       returns.”    
      Schmelter credits RiverVest’s success to the firm’s focus on developing       biopharma and medical device products that treat high, unmet medical       needs, while attracting a buyer or being ready for an IPO within three       to five years of the initial investment.    
      “Since its initial closing late last year, RiverVest Venture Fund IV has       invested in eight high potential companies, including founding or       co-founding three,” said RiverVest Managing Director John McKearn, Ph.D.    
      Earlier RiverVest Funds II and III have each provided net internal rates       of return to their Limited Partners of over 20% per annum as of Sept.       30. That puts those funds’ performance in the top 5% of 
       venture funds started in the same respective vintage years according to       Cambridge Associates’ U.S. Venture Capital Index, which benchmarks over       1,500 institutional-quality venture capital funds.    
      In addition to producing top investor returns, RiverVest portfolio       companies have been the source of more than 25 approved medical       products, including medical devices and drugs currently treating       patients.    
      Since its founding, RiverVest has funded 47 and exited or taken public       22 innovative life science companies. A sample of RiverVest Fund II and       Fund III exits and IPOs includes:    
      1) San Carlos-based Allakos, Inc. (NASDAQ:ALLK) (biopharma) completed       initial public offering;
2) Cleveland-based Securus Medical Group,       Inc. (medical device) sold to Boston Scientific Corporation;
3)       Fort Worth-based ZS Pharma, Inc. (biopharma) completed initial public       offering, then sold to a subsidiary of London-based AstraZeneca PLC;
4)       San Diego-based Lumena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (biopharma) sold to       Dublin-based Shire plc;
5) Houston-based IDEV Technologies, Inc.       (medical device) sold to Abbott Laboratories; and
6)       Minneapolis-based Lutonix, Inc. (medical device) sold to C.R. Bard, Inc.    
      
    
      RiverVest Venture Partners is a venture capital firm focused on       identifying and shaping early stage life science companies to create       significant shareholder value. With hands-on, high-level expertise and       financial resources, RiverVest supports entrepreneurs by helping them       achieve near-term objectives that position their companies for exit.       Visit 
       and follow us 
.    
      
314-862-4300    
Data extraction is a time-consuming business. Case in point: According to a recent IDC survey, data professionals spend approximately 75 percent of their time gathering and cleaning data and only about 25 percent finding insights from the data.
That’s where 
 comes in. The Los Gatos, California startup, which uses 
 to automate the extraction and processing of web data, today announced $15.5 million in Series B financing. London-based Talis Capital led the round, with participation from existing investors IP Group, OpenOcean, Oxford Capital, and Wellington Partners.
That follows a $13 million Series A round in 2016 and a $4.5 million seed round in 2013, bringing Import.io’s total haul to $33 million.
CEO Gary Read said the capital would be used to accelerate global growth and expand Import.io’s product offerings. He says that since the company’s incorporation in London in 2012 it has attracted more than 800 enterprise customers, who receive data from millions of web sources via its proprietary platform. In 2015 alone, it extracted data from over 5.5 billion web pages.
“Businesses around the world are losing trillions of dollars due to lack of timely access to high-quality data. In fact, IBM estimates that poor-quality data costs businesses in the U.S. more than $3 trillion annually,” Read said. “Import.io is committed to providing timely, high-quality data with little to no customer resource requirements. We empower our customer base of more than 800 companies to make business-critical decisions based on the data we provide every day, and we back that up with an aggressive service-level guarantee.”
Import.io’s novel machine learning solution not only extracts data, it prepares and integrates the data into clients’ analytics platforms and business applications, effectively transforming websites into APIs. For instance, startup StoryFit uses it to cull related books, movies, and television data across hundreds of thousands of web pages to generate predictive analytics for movie studios and book publishers. AudioLock, another customer, taps it to scan the web for unlicensed music content.
Import.io’s data-crawling suite offers clients more sophisticated features, too, such as the ability to merge info from multiple sources and create a common schema. It also offers reporting and visualization functions, including a comparison audit tool that shows how things have changed over time.
This approach sets it apart from competitors like Webhose.io, DeepCrawl, and others, according to Talis Capital’s Matus Maar.
“When we saw what Import.io was doing, we immediately understood the importance and recognized the game-changing capabilities of the solution,” he said. “We spoke to multiple Import.io customers who explained how important Import.io had become to their business and raved about the solution, support, and quality of the data provided.”
Squeaking in just under the wire for its 
, AT&T said this morning that its network is now live in parts of 12 cities across the United States, with the first mobile 5G device arriving on Friday, December 21.
According to an AT&T spokesperson, the company’s 5G network is already up and running in parts of the previously promised dozen cities: Atlanta, Charlotte, Dallas, Houston, Indianapolis, Jacksonville, Louisville, Oklahoma City, New Orleans, Raleigh, San Antonio, and Waco. However, the first consumer device that will be able to access that network, 
, will become available just ahead of the Christmas holiday.
Unlike rival Verizon, which focused its 
 on a prestandard, “fixed” version of 5G services that was marketed at home broadband customers, AT&T says its 5G network is both 
 and truly mobile. The company also revealed that it will be using the name “5G+” for the part of its network that will use 
, and it said the Nighthawk 5G Mobile Hotspot will run on that 5G+ network.
It’s unclear at this stage how fast AT&T’s 5G service will be. In a press release, the carrier said only that the “initial launch starts small and will be limited” but that “customers will see enhancements in coverage, speeds, and devices” as the 5G ecosystem evolves. Verizon has promised 
, though its 5G devices are only capable of being used indoors.
AT&T’s 5G pricing is also interesting. Like Verizon, AT&T is offering an initial promotion that makes the hardware and 5G service cheap up front, with new pricing set to follow later. Early adopters from the consumer, small business, and business markets will be able to “get the mobile 5G device and wireless data at no cost for at least 90 days,” AT&T says, with new pricing beginning in spring 2019.
At that point, the Nighthawk 5G Mobile Hotspot will cost $499 outright, with 15GB of 5G service priced at $70 per month, which AT&T calls “comparable” to its current $50 monthly charge for 10GB of 4G data. The company is not yet announcing pricing for 5G smartphone plans.
While the hotspot’s pricing is about as expected, AT&T’s decision to offer limited 5G data contrasts with advance expectations for 5G service, which many companies have said will need to be 
. With 4G-like data packages, 5G users will likely hit their monthly caps within days, leading to complaints and overages.
AT&T says it will commence 5G services in parts of Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Nashville, Orlando, San Diego, San Francisco, and San Jose in the first half of 2019, with its first 5G+ millimeter wave smartphone coming in “the same time frame.” A 
 with support for both 5G+ and sub-6 radio spectrum is said to be arriving in the second half of the year. The carrier is promising broad 5G availability by late 2019, with nationwide coverage coming “in early 2020.”
The 
 has become the fastest-selling console of this hardware generation in the U.S., according to Nintendo and industry-tracking firm The NPD Group. The home console/portable hybrid has sold 8.7 million machines in its first 21 months, the period from its launch in March 2017 through November 2018.
That tops the U.S. performance of its two competitors, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, during their first 21 months. This strong showing follows the disappointing Wii U, which came out in 2012 and only sold 13.56 million consoles worldwide.
Nintendo is also the top-selling software publisher in 2018 so far in the U.S., thanks to continued strong sales of 2017 games like The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild (over 4 million copies sold), Super Mario Odyssey (over 4.7 million copies), and Mario Kart 8 Deluxe (over 5 million). Digital game sales for Switch have also grown 105 percent in 2018 compared to 2017.
The system’s biggest game of the year, 
, released on December 7. In 11 days, it has already 
 in the U.S., becoming the fastest-selling Switch game in the country yet. Any console sales related to the release of Super Smash Bros. Ultimate are not yet reflected in this 8.7 million sold milestone, but the success of the game will surely boost the system in December.
 released on November 2 and have combined sold 2 million copies. Super Mario Party, which came out on October 5, has sold 1.4 million copies.
“We are thrilled to see such a strong reaction from consumers in the second holiday season for Nintendo Switch,” said Doug Bowser, Nintendo of America’s senior vice president of sales and marketing, in a press release sent to GamesBeat. “We’re looking forward to delivering more excitement and smiles to our fans in the coming year and beyond.”
Back in January, a CES panel of cellular insiders 
 that 2018 would be remembered as the “road to 5G” — a year of laying the foundation for ultra-fast fifth-generation cellular devices to launch in early 2019. 
 have followed since then, 
 more significant than 
, and a few companies have even used 
 to attract attention to late-generation 4G phones.
Just like virtually every other new technology, 5G is already racking up both supporters and critics, as early excitement over 1Gbps wireless devices has since been offset by skepticism from some quarters. Will 
 live up to the 5G standard’s promises? Should anyone actually buy early 5G phones or devices, when 
?
Though I sift through 5G announcements every day and have a pretty keen filter for nonsense, I haven’t become jaded or skeptical about the promise of this new cellular technology. Once you understand what 5G will offer — 
 — I think you’ll agree with me. Over the next couple of years, we’re going to see some genuinely exciting innovations across phones, computers, and extended reality (VR/AR) headsets, as well as early 5G-connected cars, streets, and businesses. Just like 4G, which has kept improving every year, 5G’s innovations won’t all happen at once, but we’ll start to see some cool advancements very soon.
Here are five early 5G devices I’d suggest watching in 2019 — it’s safe to say that you’ll be hearing more about them in the near future.
 Due to antenna engineering challenges, there’s no getting around the fact that early 5G devices are going to be larger than equivalent 4G versions. When designing their first 5G hotspots, Netgear seems to have 
 and Inseego is 
 — but regressing somewhat, because Qualcomm’s 5G modem also needs more battery room.
Above: Telstra CEO Andrew Penn holds HTC’s 5G Hub, a mobile hotspot.
Partnering with Telstra and Sprint, HTC took a different approach, steering into the turn rather than fighting it. If an early 5G hotspot has to be bigger, why not give it a larger, more functional screen as well? Based on what’s been shown so far, the result is something that looks more like a mini tablet than a hotspot puck. If it can be used for playing multimedia, as expected, it could be worth using on its own. And as a parent, I’m excited to see how this performs as a server for my kids’ non-cellular devices in a car — it could make road trips a lot more fun.
 Samsung’s really been on a roller coaster ride lately. It hasn’t officially announced the names or specs of any 5G phones, but is known to have at least two, if not three, models in development. AT&T and Verizon have 
 that 
, and 
. Some people are rushing to declare the first phone DOA because of its limited 5G network support.
Above: A prototype Samsung 5G phone
The first 5G Samsung phone is not expected be a Galaxy S10 variant, but rather another model — perhaps something similar to the prototype shown off at the Qualcomm Snapdragon Tech Summit. For reasons unknown, Samsung is apparently planning to use Qualcomm’s 5G chips in at least one of the new phones, rather than using the 
 revealed earlier this year.
My feeling is that the Samsung device to look out for in 2019 is the 
. Thanks to the Galaxy flagship name and marketing, the company’s reputation is really on the line whenever it puts out a new S-series phone, and if it’s going to release a 5G version of the S10+, you can be sure the company won’t cut corners on aesthetics, features, or performance. Those looking for a 2019 flagship 5G phone will most likely find it here.
But if Samsung can’t fit 5G hardware comfortably into an S10+ chassis, it could wind up shoehorning the antenna and chips into a larger Note 10. That could still appeal to some people, though I suspect Samsung won’t be able to go much bigger than the current Note chassis — and will struggle to get regular customers to 
.
 Say what you will about the idea of 
, particularly one that’s 
, but this could be a great strategy for Motorola as 5G grows through its earliest days. 5G networks are going to be hard to find, OEMs are still struggling with features, and device makers are straining to fit 5G components into awkwardly shaped hotspots. As a temporary solution, an only-as-needed 5G backpack makes sense as a way to offer both a computer/tablet hotspot and extra speed for a conventional phone.
Above: Motorola’s 5G Moto Mod signals the dawn of a new era for telecommunications — 5G.
Neither Motorola nor Verizon has announced the 5G Moto Mod’s price yet, but the Moto Z3 phone it depends on retails for $480, a 
. If the Mod’s price is right, this could be a viable way for some users to enjoy 5G when they can find it, falling back to 4G the rest of the time.
 Even though 
 as a 5G prototype earlier this year, no company has officially announced a VR headset with integrated 5G yet. But it’s only a matter of time, and both chipmakers and carriers seem particularly excited about what will happen when 5G and VR come together.
Above: At an Intel Mobile World Congress event, a VR headset wearer experiences a rendering of the downhill skiing venue at the 2018 Olympic Winter Games in PyeongChang.
The reasons are simple: If a VR headset can stream data over a high bandwidth, low latency cellular connection, it can get rid of cables, a computer, and even a power-hungry processor, dramatically cutting weight and increasing convenience. Meanwhile, users will be able to see and interact with high-definition content that’s been freed from the processing limitations of today’s hardware.
Multiple companies are already quietly working on 5G VR headsets, and Magic Leap has publicly said that it’s 
 that will be 
. Regardless which company is first to bring high-speed cellular technology to a VR headset, it is going to be one of the most exciting uses of 5G and will only get better over time.
For 5G device developers, striking the initial balance of premium features and pricing is going to be a challenge, so there will be a lot of different answers (with some overlap) over the next year. With Samsung, we know there will be a 5G variant of the high-end Galaxy S10+, and with Motorola, a low-end 5G backpack for the Moto Z3, but OnePlus has been 
. Because it focuses on delivering value for the dollar, it has a really good shot at coming up with something compelling in the middle.
Above: OnePlus 6T
It’s probably not realistic to expect this device to be a major breakthrough compared to top 4G phones in terms of features, but 
, which should deliver impressive iterations on photography, videography, gaming, and AI-assisted tasks. The real question is whether OnePlus will take a big step beyond the existing feature set of the 6T by adding something like a time of flight camera for 5G holographic calling or just be content to offer faster data on an existing phone.
Regardless, OnePlus is promising to be first with an 855-based phone and to do its best to keep the price down. That will make the 5G device very much worth 
, though its limited network compatibility probably won’t actually make it worth 
 outside of the U.K.
All of the early 5G devices listed above have one thing in common: Apart from the speed benefits that will naturally come with more bandwidth and lower latency, they’re all question marks in the innovation department. Will they actually deliver transformative new user experiences or merely accelerate current uses of wireless communications technology? We’ll have to wait until next year — or perhaps the year after that — to find out.
Apparently not content to 
 in parts of 12 U.S. cities today, AT&T now says that it will replace some 4G phones’ on-screen “LTE” indicators with “5G E” logos — a branding move that will blur the lines between 4G and 5G service for customers.
AT&T previously announced “
” as its way of marketing its most recent 4G towers, which support late-stage 4G technologies such as 
. The company has said that these towers will be available in over 400 markets by the end of 2018.
The change is expected to impact select Android phones in numerous locations across the United States. When a compatible phone “connects to a tower that’s enabled with 5G Evolution, they’ll soon see a ‘5G E’ indicator pop up on their screen,” AT&T told 
. “Initially we’ll roll this out on a handful of devices, with more devices showing the indicator in spring 2019.”
This isn’t the first time a cellular carrier has tried to spin a late last-generation wireless technology as an early next-generation one, as Sprint and T-Mobile both used “4G” badges for technologies that preceded the international 4G standard, known as LTE. But there’s been considerable pushback since then on the inaccurate if not downright shady practice of marketing one generation’s devices under the next generation’s branding.
Practically, this means that users of early AT&T 5G devices will see more locations where some form of “5G” service is supposedly available, even if it’s not actually 5G. It also means that some users of AT&T 4G devices will think they’re getting a form of 5G service when they’re not.
AT&T is set to further confuse customers by using three different forms of 5G branding. Its consumer and business 5G pages now 
 “5G Evolution,” an unspecified nationwide form of “5G,” and Innovation Zone-specific “5G+” millimeter wave services, each of which could be separately indicated on its devices’ screens.
It’s uncertain at this stage which Android devices will feature the “5G E” logo. Also unclear is whether Apple will adopt AT&T’s branding, which might be its only way of offering “5G” service throughout 2019 given its reported decision to 
 to release actual 5G iPhones.
Even after one of its 
, there’s no denying that Apple is in much better financial shape today than it was at any time during Steve Jobs’ tenure as CEO. The company’s market capitalization is over twice its highest level during the Jobs era, and was fully 
 until just 
. Moreover, current CEO Tim Cook has proved to be more than just a steady hand, successfully expanding Apple in numerous directions, and making tons of money in the process.
Shortly after becoming CEO, Cook 
 that one of Jobs’ last pieces of advice was “to never ask what he would do. Just do what’s right.” Cook explained that the words were meant to free Apple from the “trap” that temporarily froze the Walt Disney Company after its visionary founder died. Still, it was obvious that Jobs wanted Apple to keep moving on in his spirit, which meant both thinking independently and sweating details.
One of Jobs’ most legendary characteristics was an extreme form of perfectionism, which biographer Walter Isaacson explained had been deeply implanted by Jobs’ father. “It was important, his father said, to craft the backs of cabinets and fences properly, even though they were hidden,” Isaacson said in 
. As they looked at one of those fences together, Jobs told Isaacson that his father “loved doing things right. He even cared about the look of the parts you couldn’t see.”
There are plenty of examples of how that perfectionism played out during Jobs’ life, including computers manufactured with exacting angles or engraved 
, iPhone boxes changed because of how the letter “S” looked, and the last-minute 
 of the 
 because of problems with its new coloration. Many other stories, including how Jobs and acolyte 
 obsessed over the pixels of iOS icons, confirm that Apple cared more deeply about making its products perfect — or as close as it could come at the time — than most customers realized.
Above: The white iPhone 4 was introduced on stage, only to be postponed days later due to problems with its new paint.
That’s why a report this week from 
 was so rattling to those of us who have been following Apple for years. Confronted with mounting photographic evidence from customers and journalists, Apple confirmed that some of its latest iPad Pros are arriving bent in the box. When a Verge writer returned his own bent iPad to an Apple Store, the replacement he received was bent, too.
Pause and consider that all for a moment. We’re not talking about the back of a fence, the interior of a cabinet, or the paint inside an iPhone. This is the clearly visible external shape of a manufactured object, not complying with the straight lines depicted in numerous places across Apple’s own website.
But lest you think that Apple actually admitted that there was a problem with one of its products, it didn’t. As our own Emil Protalinski put it, Apple acknowledged the bending, but claimed that bent metal isn’t a defect. Instead, it said that the bend was a result of the manufacturing process, and effectively normal.
At a time when daily news is being filled with “alternate facts” and other attempts to blur “truth” from “lie,” there’s still a sniff test for whether something reeks of falsehood: common sense. Any first-time iPad customer who was given an opportunity to lay a new iPad on a flat surface would question bent metal — and be right to do so. This iPad wasn’t designed or marketed with a curved back.
As hard as this might be to believe, I don’t think what we’re seeing is a DNA-level problem with Apple. The company still obsesses over the form of its products, thanks in part to Jony Ive’s industrial design team, but also others — including Cook and COO Jeff Williams — who demand supply chain excellence. These people and their processes aren’t perfect, but they strive for it. In the years since Jobs’ passing, we have seen 
, but we haven’t seen other devices arriving bent in the box, or Apple brushing that off as the new normal.
My gut feeling is that the issue is largely with how Apple’s communications and legal teams have been taught to defend the company’s brand, most likely dating back to the Jobs era. When customers report a problem, 
 has been to portray it as isolated, small, and certainly not worthy of a broad response or recall. By maintaining that Apple did nothing (or almost nothing) wrong, the company’s representatives believe they’re stopping Apple stores and telephone lines from being flooded with requests for replacements.
But that’s not the right approach when there’s something clearly wrong with the way something looks out of the box, or how it works after a short period of regular use. Consider the “
” saga that affected MacBook laptops. Apple ignored or downplayed stuck key issues across multiple machines, and only acknowledged the problem when it was ready to 
. By that time, it had to deal with both 
.
It shouldn’t take that level of anger or threatened litigation to do something as simple as swapping a bent iPad for one that’s not bent. Despite recently losing $250 million in market value, Apple still isn’t hard up for cash. And no consumer electronics company, let alone a luxury brand, should ever be so stingy that it expects customers to accept bent goods as normal just because the factory gave them a pass.
A handful of bent iPads isn’t a big enough deal to make the list of 
 and I suspect that customers with obviously bent-out-of-box devices will be able to get them swapped at Apple Stores — an issue Apple will then quietly address with both its suppliers and designers. Just like Apple’s past 
 and internal reinforcement changes for iPhones, the next iPad Pros will likely be stronger than current models, and that’s the way it goes: Products are supposed to get better over time.
But if Apple thinks that normalizing obvious manufacturing problems with its products is the right way to deal with issues, that strikes me as the very opposite of the way Steve Jobs (at least, on a good day) would handle the situation, and moreover, not doing “what’s right.” A customer shouldn’t be asked to accept a brand new product that’s dented. Regardless of whether the problem is small or a manufacturing partner’s fault, it’s time for Apple to admit that something needs to change in the way it responds to issues like this, lest more serious problems — such as more angry customers, lawsuits, and bad press — continue to dog the company in 2019.
When Google’s 
 debuted two months ago, our 
 concluded that AI is a defining feature of these phones. That said, my colleague 
 followed up with an op-ed noting that Google’s camera decisions on the Pixel 3 suggested 
. The camera rankings 
 released today add fuel to this fire.
Let’s get the methodology out of the way: “For scoring and analysis in our smartphone camera reviews, DxOMark engineers capture and evaluate over 1,500 test images and more than 2 hours of video both in controlled lab environments and in natural indoor and outdoor scenes, using the camera’s default settings.” In other words, while this is clearly a thorough camera test for both photo and video, keep in mind it is just one test.
DxOMark only focuses on the rear camera. Google went with dual front-facing cameras this year, but it kept a single one on the back. The argument was that AI would handle it all, even if it apparently couldn’t on the front. Here’s Kyle, grappling with this in October:
I’ve been trying to reconcile the inconsistency since the Pixel 3 was announced last week. Is the addition of a second front camera a tacit admission that AI can’t do everything? That a physical camera is superior? That a hybrid approach might be best?
We now know AI couldn’t keep up with phone camera advances in 2018. Google admitted as much on the front, but couldn’t get itself to do the same on the rear. And it shows.
The original Pixel dominated the DxOMark charts in 2016:
As did the Pixel 2 in 2017:
This year’s Pixel topped the charts 
 Otherwise, it’s No. 8:
From DxOMark’s conclusion:
With the Pixel 3, Google continues to make impressive gains in image processing using computational imaging. The result is a very versatile camera that people can confidently use in most situations without any manual settings or tweaks. In particular, the Pixel 3’s Zoom and Bokeh (Portrait mode) scores have improved dramatically over the previous generation. Overall, it is tied for the top of our single-camera phones with the Apple iPhone XR and beats it, along with nearly every other phone in our database, for Video. The Pixel 3’s scores are behind those of only a handful of multi-camera flagship phones.
For all its advances in computational imaging, and improvement in Bokeh and Zoom scores, the Pixel 3 is still behind the top multi-camera phones in those areas. So for buyers looking for the ultimate in Portrait photography, and who also don’t mind the larger size of one of the multi-camera flagship models, it may be worth considering one of them as an alternative.
Whatever DxOMark says, Google’s AI camera gains continue to blow the competition away. For proof, look no further than 
.
It’s quite possible the Pixel 4 will retake the DxOMark crown, even if Google keeps a single rear camera. The problem isn’t that Google is using AI, it’s that the competition is too. They’re adding 
 
 
.
If, however, the Pixel 4 has multiple rear cameras, it will definitely dominate again.
In case you somehow missed the dire predictions regarding artificial intelligence: AI is coming for our jobs. Over 
 of positions currently occupied by humans will be eliminated by cheaper, more efficient automated replacements, and experts agree AI could make redundant as many as 75 million jobs by 2025.
With new reports sounding the alarm bells on what seems a daily basis, it’s all too easy to get caught up in the negativity. But as we reflect back on a few of AI’s achievements in 2018, I’d argue it’s tough not to be encouraged by the good it can do — specifically, the ways AI can augment skilled humans.
Recall 
, a startup headquartered in San Francisco and founded by Stanford-educated computer scientist and CEO Louis Rosenberg. Its swarm intelligence platform — which uses, as you might have guessed, machine learning — makes predictions with the help of living, breathing people. In a study conducted earlier this year by Stanford University’s School of Medicine, a group of radiologists achieved 82 percent diagnostic accuracy with Unanimous AI’s solution, compared to human experts’ 73 percent accuracy.
“Humans have experience, knowledge, wisdom, and intuition that’s not being represented in these big datasets,” Rosenberg told VentureBeat in an earlier phone interview. “It takes 12 years to become a radiologist — 12 years of talking to other doctors, observing and processing the world, and filling the databases inside their heads. There’s value in this.”
Then there’s the encouraging work emerging from programs like Microsoft and National Geographic’s 
, which seeks to invest tens of millions of dollars over the next four years to bolster AI development across five key areas — agriculture, biodiversity, conservation, climate change, and water. This year’s winners include faculty director of Stanford’s Natural Capital Project Gretchen Daily, who’s working on a way of measuring the impact of dams and reservoirs around the world, and Solomon Hsiang, associate professor of public policy at the University of California, Berkeley, who will use 1.6 million historical aerial photographs to identify the effect of droughts and climate change on human migration in Africa.
“We’re well aware of the power of taking machine learning-based approaches to solving problems,” Lucas Joppa, chief environmental officer at Microsoft, told VentureBeat earlier this month. “There’s so little we know about the natural world, [and] the technology sector has the potential to accelerate the next phase of Earth exploration … I wake up incredibly enthusiastic about how much there is left to be discovered.”
Need more examples of AI’s potential for positive impact? What about Huawei’s 
 app for visually impaired users, which uses a smartphone camera and algorithms to “translate” seven universal emotions — anger, fear, disgust, happiness, sadness, surprise, and contempt — into corresponding sounds, or an 
 from Montreal startup Stradigi AI that uses computer vision to help people learn American Sign Language (ASL)? Facebook is using AI to generate photo captions for 
. Chipmaker Intel recently supported 
, a startup working on a wheelchair that enables riders to navigate with facial expressions, through its AI for Social Good initiative.
And earlier this month 
, a nonprofit organization that aims to spark projects that “solve societal grand challenges,” provided an update on its four-year effort to develop scalable AI technologies that address some of the world’s most difficult problems. In a bonus milestone round timed to coincide with the NeurIPS conference in Montreal, Aifred Health, a Montreal startup developing a system that uses data about mental health to help clinicians choose personalized patient treatment programs, took home first place and $35,000.
On the ecological front, Google and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) earlier this year announced a 
 that uses machine learning models to identify endangered whale species and inform shipping companies of their locations. Separately, the search giant detailed its work to predict impending severe floods by setting AI models loose on historical weather data, as well as its dogged pursuit of models that can predict the location of aftershocks up to 
 after a major earthquake.
“Artificial intelligence is not just helping people create more useful products — we use it in a lot of ways throughout many Google products — but is also emerging as a really powerful tool for improving the society that we live in,” Google AI head Jeff Dean said onstage at a Google event in October. “In fact, I’d argue that there’s never been a better time to be working in the field of artificial intelligence.”
I’m inclined to agree.
For AI coverage, send news tips to 
 and 
 — and be sure to bookmark our 
.
Kyle Wiggers

AI Staff Writer
P.S. Please enjoy this video of a 3D-printed robotic hand that can play musical phrases on the piano by moving its wrist.
If you’re looking for a smart speaker, Google’s Assistant-powered Home is the smartest of the bunch, with HomePod and Echo speakers nearly tied behind it.
Amazon’s Alexa assistant now integrates with Wolfram Alpha in the U.S. to serve up answers to science and math questions.
A user of Amazon’s Alexa voice assistant in Germany accessed more than a thousand recordings from another home because of “a human error” by the company.
Uber has resumed tests of its self-driving cars in Pittsburgh, eight months after a fatal crash involving a pedestrian in Tempe, Arizona.
Google revealed that Google Lens, its AI image analysis tool on Android, iOS, and the web, can now recognize over 1 billion objects in Google Shopping.
Donald Knuth, master of algorithms, reflects on 50 years of his opus-in-progress, “The Art of Computer Programming.” 
Two Princeton University computer science professors will lead a new Google AI lab opening in January in the town of Princeton. The lab is expected to expand New Jersey’s burgeoning innovation ecosystem by building a collaborative effort to advance research in artificial intelligence. 
China is widening their lead in AI globally by concentrating on a core set of best practices that energize entire industries to pilot and adopt AI for unique use cases. 
NVIDIA researchers have published a new paper on easily customizing the style of realistic faces created by a generative adversarial network (GAN). 
Blindness, both partial and total, is incredibly common. The World Health Organization estimates that approximately 1.3 billion people live with some form of distance or near-vision condition and that as many as 217 million people suffer from moderate to severe problems with distance vision. Those impairments not only complicate everyday chores like walking the dog and checking the mail, they can make it difficult to pick up on emotional cues, like facial expressions.
To that end, electronics giant 
 has tapped artificial intelligence (AI) to help blind people “see” the faces of those with whom they’re speaking. The Beijing company today debuted 
, an app for the Huawei Mate 20 Pro that can “translate” seven universal emotions — anger, fear, disgust, happiness, sadness, surprise, and contempt — into corresponding sounds.
Huawei says it partnered with the Polish Blind Association to aid in the Android app’s development and that it recruited a group of blind testers and interviewed blind community representatives about their needs. The company claims those insights helped shape the app’s user experience — even down to its colors and sounds.
“Facing Emotions was created to push the possibilities of AI technology. By asking ‘how can AI help the blind and visually impaired to experience or “see” more of the world?'” Huawei wrote in a press release. “[It makes] it possible for the blind and visually impaired to have a richer experience and understanding when communicating with others.”
Facing Emotions taps the Mate 20 Pro’s back cameras to scan the faces of conversation partners, identifying facial features like eyes, nose, brows, and mouth, and their positions in relation to each other. An offline, on-device machine learning algorithm interprets the detected emotions as sounds, which the app plays on the handset’s loudspeaker.
Blind composer Tomasz Bilecki’s sound clips — which Huawei describes as “short, concise, simple, and non-invasive” — were tested by the aforementioned team of blind consultants. And designer Janek Kochanski developed a 3D-printed phone holder that allows visually impaired people with canes to use the app hands-free, and which is now available for free on Shapeways and partners in select countries.
The Facing Emotion app’s debut follows Huawei’s 
, which taps AI tools such as image recognition and optical character recognition (OCR) to translate popular children’s books into sign language.
“The Facing Emotions campaign embodies Huawei’s mission to bring new technology to everyone, especially those that need it most,” Wang Tao, president of Huawei’s Consumer Business Group, said in a statement.
 is a burgeoning sector of what’s been coined “AI for good” research.
Microsoft committed $25 million to its AI for Accessibility program in May, with the goal of “[helping] people with disabilities with work, life, and human connections,” and Google subsidiary DeepMind is using AI to generate closed captions for deaf users. Meanwhile, chipmaker Intel recently supported Wheelie, a startup working on a wheelchair that enables riders to navigate with facial expressions, through its AI for Social Good initiative. And just this month, Montreal startup 
 demonstrated a game that uses computer vision to help people learn American Sign Language (ASL).
“[Devices like the] Echo Dot make me feel included,” said Ellie Southwood, chair at the Royal National Institute of the Blind, in November 2017 at 
, a U.K.-based conference on AI, disability, and inclusive design. “I spend far less time searching for things online; I can multitask while online and be more productive.”
Artificial intelligence (AI) has a 
. Word embedding, a common algorithmic training technique that involves linking words to vectors, unavoidably picks up — and at worst amplifies — prejudices implicit in source text and dialogue. A 2016 study found that word embeddings in 
 articles tended to exhibit female and male gender stereotypes, for instance.
Fortunately, researchers are making headway in addressing it — or at least exposing the problem’s severity. In a paper published on the preprint server Arxiv.org (“
“), scientists at Microsoft Research, Carnegie Mellon, and the University of Maryland describe an algorithm that can expose “offensive associations” related to sensitive issues like race and bias in publicly available embeddings, including supposedly “debiased” embeddings.
Their work builds on a University of California 
 that details a training solution capable of “preserve[ing] gender information” in word vectors while “compelling other dimensions to be free of gender influence.”
“We consider the problem of Unsupervised Bias Enumeration (UBE), discovering biases automatically from an unlabeled data representation,” the researchers wrote. “There are multiple reasons why one might want such an algorithm. First, social scientists can use it as a tool to study human bias … Second, identifying bias is a natural step in ‘debiasing’ representations. Finally, it can help in avoiding systems that perpetuate these biases: problematic biases can raise red flags for engineers, while little or no bias can be a useful green light indicating that a representation is usable.”
The team’s model takes as input word embeddings and lists of target tokens, such as workplace versus family-themed words, and uses vector similarity across pairs of tokens to measure the strength of associations. Unsupervised — i.e., without requiring sensitive groups, such as gender or race, to be prespecified — it outputs “statistically significant” tests for racial, gender, religious, age, and other biases.
This confers a number of advantages over manual test design, the team says.
“It is not feasible to manually author all possible tests of interest. Domain experts normally create such tests, and it is unreasonable to expect them to cover all possible groups, especially if they do not know which groups are represented in their data … [And] if a word embedding reveals no biases, this is evidence for lack of bias.”
The model leverages two properties of word embeddings to produce the aforementioned tests, according to the team: “parallel” and “cluster” properties. The parallel property takes advantage of the fact that differences between similar token pairs, such as Mary–John and Queen–King, are often nearly parallel; those parallel to name differences in topics may represent biases. Clusters, meanwhile, refer to the fact that normalized vectors of names and words cluster into semantically meaningful groups — for names, social structures such as gender, religion, and others, and for words, topics such as food, education, occupations, and sports.
Above: First names for groups on an embedding.
To test the system, the researchers sourced sets of first names from a Social Security Administration (SSA) database and words from three publicly available word embeddings, taking care to remove from the first names with embeddings reflective of other uses, such as a month, verb, or U.S. state. And they recruited workers from Amazon’s Mechanical Turk to determine whether biases uncovered by the algorithm were consistent with “(problematic) biases held by society at large.”
The team’s tool discovered that, in some of the word embedding datasets, words like 
 tended to be closer to 
 than to 
, while 
 was closer to 
 than to 
. The human evaluators agreed — in one case, they found 38 percent of race, age, and gender associations to be offensive.
“Unlike humans, where implicit tests are necessary to elicit socially unacceptable biases in a straightforward fashion, word embeddings can be directly probed to output hundreds of biases of varying natures, including numerous offensive and socially unacceptable biases,” the team wrote. “The racist and sexist associations exposed in publicly available word embeddings raise questions about their widespread use.”
 is already a huge hit in the U.S., with the fighting game selling over 3 million copies in just 11 days since its December 7 debut. This is according to Nintendo and industry-tracking firm The NPD Group.
This makes Ultimate the fastest-selling Switch game in the U.S. yet, along with the fastest-selling installment ever in its series. By comparison, Mario Kart 8 Deluxe is the console’s top seller with 5 million copies sold. That game launched in April 2017.
Like most Nintendo games, Super Smash Bros. Ultimate should have long sales legs. It could still sell millions more during the Switch’s life. It is also performing well in Japan, where it sold 1.2 million in its first three days.
Ultimate should give a boost to Switch console sales. The system has already 
 in the U.S. in its first 21 months, and that data only goes from its March 2017 launch through November 2018. It doesn’t include any console sales related to the release of Super Smash Bros. Ultimate.
 praised the game’s giant roster, extensive single-play mode, and gameplay improvements, but we criticized Ultimate’s lacking online support.
      
    
  
BURNABY, British Columbia–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 18, 2018–
      
®,       the creator of industry-leading PCoIP® technology and Cloud Access       Software, today announced a collaboration with 
       (
), the leading technology provider that powers the media and       entertainment industry, to launch a cloud video editing offering for       professional editors, movie makers, and multimedia journalists. The new       joint solution combines the Teradici PCoIP-powered Cloud Access Software       and 
® to enable these creative professionals the ability       to securely access and edit video content remotely from their private       data center or from the public cloud with low latency and full color       accuracy.    
      “With our PCoIP-powered Cloud Access Software available with Media       Composer, the loyal Avid user base now has the ability to utilize the       cloud’s full potential during the creation process,” said David Smith,       CEO of Teradici. “We are committed to empowering more film and editorial       professionals by offering our leading remote visualization technology       through valued partners. This new solution enables creative       professionals to run their workflows in the cloud enabling effective       content creation, collaboration and delivery without the security risks,       inefficiencies and compliance challenges of locally managed assets.”    
      Under the collaboration:    
      “Top editors in the film, television, and broadcast industry rely on       Media Composer to help them deliver compelling content regardless of       where they are. Avid is continuously expanding Media Composer’s features       and offerings to enable editing to happen from anywhere,” says Raymond       Thompson, Director Broadcast and Media Solutions, Avid Technology.       “Partnering with Teradici to include Cloud Access Software in our       offering will enable Media Composer customers to work remotely and       securely using Teradici high-performance PCoIP technology, whether from       an on-premises data center, in a public cloud, or in a hybrid       environment.”    
      Recently, 
 support for multicloud, allowing enterprise organizations       to deploy virtual machines in any combination of public clouds and       private data centers via a newly updated Cloud Access Manager. With the       introduction of multicloud entitlements, companies can now create and       manage these virtual environments on AWS, Google Cloud, Microsoft Azure       or via their on-premise infrastructure, benefiting from the flexibility       and agility of a multicloud strategy.    
      Avid Media Composer is the industry standard in Hollywood as a vital       tool for film, commercial, and TV editing. With the addition of Teradici 
, users can now benefit from increased mobility,       collaboration, and productivity.    
      Teradici technology enables several capabilities important to Avid users       in VFX, broadcast, and advertising industries, including:    
      In addition to media and entertainment, Teradici PCoIP solutions are       used across financial services, government, healthcare, education,       construction and manufacturing industries to securely visualize graphics       intensive applications while providing the flexibility to rapidly scale       their cloud deployments up or down using a mix of private and public       clouds.    
      Starting today, Avid users can now purchase Cloud Access Software for       Media Composer via Teradici Cloud Access and Cloud Access Plus       subscription plans available through Avid and Avid resellers. Avid can       also enable customer trials of the joint solution and transition from       proof of concept to production with ease.    
      For more information about Teradici, please visit 
    
      For more information about Cloud Access Software and Cloud Access       Manager for Avid Media Composer, please visit: 
    
      
    
      Teradici is the creator of the PCoIP remoting protocol technology and       Cloud Access Software, the leading solution for a cloud-ready future.       The company, founded in 2004 and based in Burnaby, British Columbia       outside of Vancouver, is focused on its core mission of seamless       delivery of workstations and applications for end-users.    
      Teradici PCoIP® technology is the most secure remoting technology in the       marketplace, enabling visualization of even the most graphics-intensive       applications. Teradici Cloud Access Software, built on PCoIP technology,       enables enterprises to securely leverage public cloud GPU instances to       confidently lift and shift the most graphics-intensive Windows or Linux       applications to the public cloud, avoiding costly rewrites.    
      The company’s technology is deployed by Fortune 500 enterprises,       government agencies and service providers from around the world.       Teradici also partners with leading cloud providers to continue       delivering the best user experience and enabling our customers’ the       ability to scale to millions of users.    
      
    
      
    
      Carmen Mantalas
Blanc & Otus for Teradici
    
New York regulators made 
 in July by threatening to boot internet provider Charter out of the state for failing to deliver promised service to customers. Now Charter is settling at least part of the dispute with New York by agreeing to pay a record $174 million fine — the largest consumer payment by an internet provider in U.S. history — with $62.5 million in direct refunds to Spectrum service users, plus free services.
The multi-agency dispute between New York and Charter is based on allegations that the cable company fell short of promised data speeds and internet service expansions, despite agreements with the state and advertisements to the contrary. New York sued Charter for consumer fraud regarding the speed and reliability issues, and regulators subsequently rescinded their approval of Charter’s acquisition of Time Warner Cable — now Spectrum — giving the company a 60-day deadline for a plan to exit the state.
Though that deadline passed in late September, Charter indicated it was negotiating with the state to resolve the issues. It’s unclear whether today’s settlement will prompt regulators to reverse their decision to expel Charter from the state, but the agreed-upon remedies are a step in the right direction.
A group of over 700,000 active Spectrum subscribers will each receive $75, effectively refunding “New Yorkers who were ripped off,” said New York attorney general Barbara Underwood. To qualify for the $75, customers must have leased an “inadequate” modem from Spectrum, leased an inadequate Wi-Fi router, or subscribed to a “legacy” Time Warner Cable data plan promising 100 Mbps or higher speeds. Around 150,000 subscribers whose leased modems were inadequate for 24 months or longer will receive an additional $75.
Additionally, around 2.2 million subscribers will receive their choice of three free months of HBO or six free months of Showtime. New York customers not included in the other groups will get one free month of the Spectrum TV Choice streaming service, plus one free month of Showtime. Charter will notify eligible customers within 120 days.
The company is also facing new advertising requirements, including disclosing that its advertised internet speeds are for wired connections and ceasing to make unsubstantiated claims. Charter will also be required to increase speed testing and improve the equipment it provides to customers.
“This settlement should serve as a wake-up call to any company serving New York consumers,” Underwood said. “Fulfill your promises, or pay the price. Not only is this the largest-ever consumer payout by an internet service provider, returning tens of millions of dollars to New Yorkers who were ripped off and providing additional streaming and premium channels as restitution — but it also sets a new standard for how internet providers should fairly market their services.”
Charter appears to be proceeding on the assumption that it will continue to operate and expand in New York. In a statement, it said it looks forward “to continue providing the best TV, internet, voice, and mobile products to our customers, and to bringing broadband to more homes and businesses across the state.”
Now that the consumer fraud case is settled, it remains to be seen whether New York’s Public Service Commission will let Charter move forward. The cable provider has said it expects to 
 to compete with 5G wireless broadband, but it is 
 as a possible alternative.
Amazon’s Alexa is becoming more proficient at understanding multistep requests in one shot. In a paper (“Parsing Coordination for Spoken Language Understanding”) and accompanying blog post published this morning, Sanchit Agarwal, an applied scientist in the Alexa AI organization, detailed a spoken-language understanding (SLU) system that maps voice commands to actions (intents) and entities (slots) 26 percent more accurately than off-the-shelf alternatives.
Agarwal and colleagues’ work will be presented at the upcoming IEEE Spoken Language Technology conference in Athens, Greece later this month. News of their research comes a day after Amazon scientists described an AI-driven method that can cut Alexa’s skill selection error rate by 
.
“Narrow [SLU systems] usually have rigid constraints, such as allowing only one intent to be associated with an utterance and only one value to be associated with a slot type,” he wrote. “We [propose] a way to enable SLU systems to understand compound entities and intents.”
As Agarwal explained, he and colleagues used a deep neural network — layers of mathematical functions called neurons, loosely modeled on their biological equivalents — that was “taught” from structures in spoken-language data. First, a corpus was labeled according to a scheme indicating groups of words, or “chunks,” that should be treated as ensembles: “B” to indicate the beginning of a chunk, “I” to indicate the inside of a chunk, or “O” to indicate a word that lies outside a chunk. Then, prior to training, the words underwent embedding, a process that involved substituting vectors to represent them.
The embeddings were next passed to a bidirectional long-short-term memory (bi-LSTM) network, a type of recurrent neural network capable of learning long-term dependencies, which output a contextual embedding of each word in the input sentence. Those outputs were combined with a neural network layer that mapped each embedding to a distribution over the output “B,” “I,” and “O” labels, classifying each word of the input according to its most probable output label.
An additional layer, known as a conditional-random-field, or CRF, learned to associate between the output labels and choose the most likely labels from all possible sequences. Thanks to a technique called adversarial training — during which the network was evaluated on how well or poorly it predicted the labels — the model learned to generalize.
“Instead of building separate parsers for different slot types (such as ListItem, FoodItem, Appliance, etc.), we built one parser that can handle multiple slot types,” Agarwal said. “For example, our parser can successfully identify [list items] in the utterance ‘add apples peanut butter and jelly to my list’ and [appliances] in the utterance ‘turn on the living room light and kitchen light’.”
As people continue to purchase tens of millions of smart speakers around the world, the 
 by the numbers. But the new twist we collectively witnessed in the past year was the emergence of the smart display, a new category of devices that gives the likes of Alexa and Google Assistant a visual interface.
These new devices let you watch videos, see the latest photos of friends and family, and give you visuals when you ask questions — but there’s more to it than that. With 
 this year combining voice and touch to get things done, smart displays could be on the rise.
So which has the best features? Which is right for your home? In this article we draw on learnings from reviews of the 
, 
, and 
 and take a closer look at the advantages and disadvantages that each of these smart displays brings to market.
The first Amazon Echo Show was a bit meh. With speakers below the screen, design-wise it resembled an old television.
The second-generation released this fall got some real improvements, with a better quality display, a screen that grew from 7 to 10 inches, and speakers that moved behind the screen to give it a more streamlined, minimal look.
In a 
, the Echo Show received a 85/100 score.
Chief among new features: Video has become a much larger emphasis. The first-generation Echo Show could also play video, but after a short time on the market, 
, greatly hindering the type of videos you can watch with simple voice commands.
To make up for it the second time around, Amazon introduced a partnership with Hulu as well as NBC so you can use natural language voice commands to watch a favorite show or recap Jimmy Fallon’s late night monologue.
Amazon also introduced 
 this fall for watching live television and recording shows to watch later.
This all comes in addition to Prime Video. Each of the video services on Echo Show now has a dedicated landing page that makes it easier to search and explore content.
The Echo Show also got a new home screen display this year. Whenever you aren’t speaking with Alexa, the screen can be set to display a series of cards that includes your reminders and calendar alongside news updates and video from outlets like USA Today, Bloomberg, LA Times, and the Associated Press.
You can also treat the Echo Show like a digital photo frame, continuously rotating your favorite photos from Amazon Prime Photos when the device is not in use.
Another big addition: Swipe down on the screen of an Echo Show and you can control all your smart home devices on a single visual interface. Amazon continues to lead all competitors with the ability to control tens of thousands of smart home devices.
In fact, each time you say “Alexa, turn on the bedroom lights,” you will see an option to control your device on the Echo Show screen for a short period of time.
If you’re new to Alexa-enabled devices, the Echo Show is also helpful in that each time you say “Alexa, show me your skills,” you get a glance at the best of the more than 70,000 voice apps that have now been made for the Echo Show, especially popular visual skills like Double Jeopardy.
One of my favorite additions for the Echo Show is 
. While the Echo Show was previously able to make voice calls through the Alexa app, Amazon never really made clear how many people actually use it, and people who don’t have an Echo weren’t likely to have the Alexa app.
But Skype is an app with 300 million users and one of the rare technologies, like Google for web searches and Snapchat for live stories, that has transformed into a verb.
Some other Alexa offerings available with the Echo Show: 
 made its debut last month and will periodically alternate smart home lights to make it appear as if you’re home, and when moved into Guard Mode will alert you if the sound of breaking glass or a security alarm is heard.
Though Google Assistant can control security systems, Alexa Guard is the only native security offering out there from AI assistants.
There’s also follow-up mode, which lets you ask a question once, then follow up with a question within the same context so you no longer have to think about interactions one at a time. This can change the way you speak with an assistant, giving your exchanges more of a conversational feel.
Another is Hunches, a proactive predictive Alexa feature that recommends you take specific actions, starting with the on/off state of your smart home devices. Should Alexa recognize that your door is unlocked after you say “Good night,” for example, she (Amazon only makes Alexa available with a female voice) might suggest that you lock that door.
Hunches will be a lot more interesting when proactive suggestions are made for music or video content, or maybe even local businesses.
There’s also whisper mode, which recognizes when you’re whispering and whispers back in kind.
The Echo Show is also unique in that it can now play a wider range of streaming music services from providers like Apple Music and Tidal.
If all these new features don’t seal the deal, the Echo Show also allows you to edit your to-do lists and shopping list.
At $229, the Echo Show offers something in the middle of the road compared to the $349 Portal+ and $149 Home Hub.
Add Alexa, arguably the most mature of the assistants, and the Echo Show might deliver the best value of any smart display on the market.
The 
. At $149, it’s unquestionably the lowest priced smart display.
However, the Home Hub has significantly lower sound output and quality compared with its competitors, and no video call capabilities.
Beyond the Home Hub, there are other smart displays with Google Assistant inside from Lenovo, JBL, LG, and soon Sony, and strangely, and each of these — unlike the Home Hub — are able to make video phone calls with Google’s Duo app.
That being said, there are a lot of upsides to the Home Hub.
An RGB sensor means the device adopts the color profile of any room it’s placed in, purposely blending into the background.
My favorite feature might be Live Albums for the ambient screen. Live Albums were introduced this fall and automatically use facial recognition software to recognize the faces of people whose photos you want to highlight.
The Google Photos album tends to recommend photos be shared based on the people who appear in them. Let’s say you want to make a photo album that your siblings and family add to in order to keep up with the latest from everyone. With Live Albums, you just select the faces you want included and grandma can get continuous, automated updates of her grandbabies. No need to post on social media to populate the album as is the case with Facebook’s Portal, and no need to bother routinely sifting through your camera roll.
Another big distinction is access to the Google ecosystem. If you use Google Maps and an Android phone, ask your Home Hub for directions somewhere and they will be displayed on the screen, then sent to your phone.T
Choosing Google Assistant over its competitors if you have an Android phone also means 
 for other apps, as well as assistant access even when the phone is locked.
Home Hub also lets you do quick video searches with YouTube. Subscribe to YouTube TV for $40 a month and you can watch live television.
There is some overlap between the Home Hub and Echo Show. Like the Echo Show, the Home Hub provides instructional videos from Allrecipes and Food Network for anyone interested in cooking with a smart display as sous chef. A screen means you can follow ingredient gathering and step-by-step instructions easier.
Both Google Assistant and Alexa are able to carry out Routines, a feature that lets you carry out multiple actions with a single voice command.
Another advantage for the Home Hub or Echo Show: Both can be added to an audio group. Statistically speaking, most consumers will buy multiple speakers, not just one, and the ability to connect a group of devices means you can play the same audio all over the home. This is nice to have when you’re walking from your bathroom to your bedroom or kitchen in the morning and listening to the news, and it’s also a great addition when you’re having a party and want to maintain the mood no matter where you are in the house.
A network of speakers throughout your home changes the way you think of voice computing. It moves your mindset from the idea of having an assistant that can help when you’re within shouting distance to being able to just yell instructions anywhere to add an item to your shopping list, turn out the lights, or get things done.
While both devices can be used to send audio messages throughout your home, one unique thing you get with the Home Hub that you don’t get with the Echo Show: broadcast replies. That means you can talk back when mom says over the intercom, “You ready for school?”
Another unique feature added recently: Swipe right away from the photo album or clock display and you can get recipe recommendations. Should you find a recipe you want to make, you can tap the screen to get started immediately or save recipes on the Home Hub to use later.
Home Hub also provides news video recommendations from outlets like CNN.
Home Hub and smart displays with Google Assistant inside also offer suggested responses. So let’s say you ask “What’s the biggest mammal in the world?” or “What’s the capital of Kenya?” In addition to your answer, on the screen you will see recommended follow-up questions.
This takes advantage of Google’s deep understanding of conversational AI and language. Also part of Google’s great understanding in this space: support for bilingual conversations. Nobody else does this yet, even though there are tens of millions of bilingual households out there.
Globally, Google Assistant is now able to speak more than 30 languages. That’s more than Apple’s Siri, 
, Amazon’s Alexa, and other competitors.
The Portal and Portal+ are Facebook’s first consumer devices made in-house. To leverage its existing family of apps, Portal is tethered to Facebook Messenger, a chat and video call app with 1.3 billion monthly active users.
That’s a hell of a lot more than video call services compatible with Alexa or Google Assistant, though both Alexa and Google Assistant can make phone calls and send text messages.
With support for calls with up to 7 users, Portal is the only one of the smart displays available today that can handle group video calls.
This comes in addition to Smart Camera, which uses AI to zoom in and out and automatically frame video calls. This creates the feeling that the camera is following you around the room, different than virtually all prior video call options. Smart Volume also adjusts to make sure sound is consistent wherever you are in the room.
The Highlight feature means you can select the face of one person (grandma wants to see her grandbabies, not so much you). This feature will be a lot cooler when you can make it follow a dog around the room.
The Portal got an 87/100 review in a review published when the device became available last month, but admittedly, that score was lifted in part due to the device’s potential, not what’s available today.
Setting itself apart from its competitors, the Portal vision is to build a third-party ecosystem for in-call experiences with augmented reality.
This starts with Storytime, the ability to read stories 3-5 minutes long to children, using effects like putting a cat on your head, dress like an astronaut in space, or bundle up like Santa Claus.
Neither Amazon nor Google have made many strides by way of video calls, and none at all in the department of in-call experiences. If a developer ecosystem grows, it could be a definitive, ongoing distinction between Portal and all of its competitors.
However, in order to be more than a novelty, Facebook is going to have to find ways to make in-call experiences enticing to adults beyond reading stories to kids.
In addition to video call enhancements and in-call experiences, last week, 
 worth considering, including a web browser, Instant Games, and custom camera control for video calls.
All that being said, Portal is fairly behind its competitors in dozens of ways.
If you’re interested in a Portal because you’re a Facebook power user and you think this will help you stay social or add things to your Instagram feed, for example, think again.
To keep people from being too concerned about inviting a company with a poor privacy record into your home, you can’t take photos or record video with Portal, and at launch Portal cannot share anything or connect with the broader family of Facebook apps.
The Superframe app that competes with Google’s Live Albums can be pretty cool because it shares Facebook photos you and your close friends are tagged in, but you get nothing from Instagram or WhatsApp, and no Stories, a feature used hundreds of millions of times a day across Facebook’s family of apps.
The Portal assistant is also extremely limited at launch, basically only able to make voice calls.
That’s probably why you get Amazon’s Alexa inside every Portal. This extends Portal’s abilities to do things like set a timer, add things to your shopping list, check the weather, or launch Alexa skills. But to be clear: This is Alexa Voice Service, and therefore cannot be considered the exact same as Alexa in an Echo speaker.
This is really weird, actually — not just because Facebook is a social company, but because if you start messing with camera effects during a Messenger call on a smartphone, the Portal user interface suggests you take pictures.
Another major disadvantage for Portal is that it does not connect with a streaming video device like Google’s Chromecast or Amazon’s Fire TV stick. Both can stream video from a number of services, and turn Alexa and Google Assistant into remote controls.
To address this lack, Facebook is
.
If true, it would compete with the likes of Apple TV, Google Chromecast, Amazon Fire TV, and even legacy players like Comcast, each of which offers voice control as a selling point.
The Portal+ goes for $349 and Portal for $199.
So which is best for you? Google Home Hub brings the lowest price, but Amazon Echo Show may have the most well-rounded experience of the three, and Facebook Portal has a lot of potential.
So if you’re the kind of person who wants to make great video calls and use a smart display to stay in touch with family, maybe Portal is the right choice for you.
If you’re the owner of an Android smartphone and want to stay inside the Google universe and maybe even buy a Home Hub and a few Home Minis to go with it for audio around the house at the price of a Portal+, you should get the Home Hub.
If you want the best value for your money, with a smart assistant, a nice screen, and good sound for music, maybe you want the Echo Show.
Ultimately, each of the makers of smart displays isn’t just selling a screen with an AI-powered assistant. It’s also selling you on exclusive features from its wider family of apps and services, from Prime Video to Google Photos Live Albums to AR camera effects from Facebook, and making out its best pitch for why you should stay inside its ecosystem over offerings from competitors.
SAN FRANCISCO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 18, 2018–
      
,       the fastest-growing contract management platform company, has introduced       self-service automation tools that eliminate the silos, complexity and       bottlenecks typically associated with contract initiation. This industry       first means that authorized users from any department within an       organization, such as procurement, HR and sales, can now use       pre-populated templates or request a contract initiation through a       single, digital and frictionless platform. By providing an open       environment with full visibility into contract status, the       cross-functional collaboration these new tools provide will help       organizations accelerate procurement, hiring and time to revenue.    
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: 
Concord Workflow (Graphic: Business Wire)  
      Said Matt Lhoumeau, Concord CEO and Co-Founder, “This is digital       transformation at its best. Until now, the Concord platform was       typically used by 30% of an organization. By creating automated       collaboration tools for the contract inception process, it brings 100%       of an organization onto the platform. Digitizing and automating the       contract inception process, and integrating it into the entire       contracting workflow, brings far-reaching efficiency, productivity,       collaboration, scale, compliance and visibility benefits to an       organization.”    
      For procurement departments, contract initiation requests can now be       made via the Concord platform utilizing templates pre-populated with       fields from e-procurement systems such as Ariba, Coupa and SAP using       Concord’s open API. This ensures that contracts reflect vendor       procurement requisitions, minimizes ‘rogue spending’ and provides the       means to maintain, track and report on compliance requirements and       metrics such as vendor diversity. For large organizations, Concord       increases the speed, scale and ease of procurement contracting. It frees       procurement teams from block-and-tackle administration to focus on       high-value activities such as vendor negotiation.    
      Hiring managers can now access the Concord platform to request draft       employment agreements that will automatically take them through       pre-determined steps to ensure compliance on issues such as ensuring a       hire is approved, and that a salary is within the authorized salary       band. As well as accelerating the hiring process, companies can easily       transport Concord data into their HR systems to track employee lifecycle       statistics such as hire, review and exit dates.    
      Because all contract initiation requests are generated through automated       and pre-populated forms, legal teams will have all the necessary       compliance criteria, correct data and formatting requirements to create       contracts. This reduces a big administrative burden and bottleneck from       the contracting process. With the entire process managed and executed on       the Concord platform, it transforms the speed, visibility and scale that       a business can operate on.    
      Unlike other contract management systems, Concord provides a single and       completely digital environment for the inception, origination,       negotiation, execution and renewal of all contracts, including all       parties, all edits and all signatures. Concord eliminates the need for       third-party e-signature providers, email and Word. This removes       fragmentation from the contract process and eliminates potential       compliance gaps and vulnerabilities.    
      Visit 
       for more information about Concord’s contract management PaaS.    
      
    
      Founded in 2014 and headquartered in San Francisco, Concord enables over       200,000 companies around the globe to connect all their people,       processes and contracts in one place. Built with intuitive features,       like online negotiation and editing, deadline alerts and approval       workflows, Concord gives users everything they need for the entire       contract lifecycle – making growth and compliance synonymous.    
      
    
      John Snedigar
408-705-7518
    
Uber has announced some key updates are coming to its Jump-branded electric bikes in the new year.
Most notably, the e-bikes will soon sport batteries that can be swapped out and replaced on the spot — this saves a team of staff from having to manually collect dead bikes to take back for charging at the depot.
The upgraded Jump bike promises a few other notable updates worth mentioning. For example, it will now house its dashboard at the front of the bike beneath the handlebars, meaning that you will no longer have to lean down at the back to unlock it. This is a more natural way to access the dashboard, as you can just sit down on the bike immediately to get things started. Also, Jump will now ask you to scan a QR code to unlock it, rather than enter a PIN code.
It’s also worth noting here that the bike will offer a retractable cable lock, as opposed to a u-bar, while there is also now a phone mount on the front.
Above: Front dashboard and phone mount
Uber 
 back in April in a deal reported to be worth $200 million. The move signaled Uber’s long-term goal, which is to provide urban transport for all scenarios, including when cars aren’t the best option for getting from A to B.
Jump’s 
 are pedal assisted, meaning that they can’t operate entirely off an electric charge like others on the market. However, they still require charging, which has hitherto involved a team of people collecting the bikes for charging, which can take up to six hours. Now, the team can travel around replacing the batteries on each bike as and when required, which takes just a few minutes for each bike.
Above: The new Jump bike
Though the presence of dockless bicycles has exploded in cities around the world in recent years, we’re now seeing a rise in 
 and electric bikes too — but unlike bicycles, they need more of a technological infrastructure to ensure they’re constantly charged. And that is why Uber has been investing in various initiatives to support Jump’s growth. For example, a few months back, 
 in partnership with Sacramento, where charging stations are being installed across the city at universities, government buildings, and other locations.
Other notable players in the space include San Mateo-based Lime, which recently 
 after expanding into electric scooters, and which is already a so-called “unicorn”. It recently 
 funding round from big names including Alphabet’s investment arm GV.
Jump bikes also come with a bunch of new internal smarts, including self-diagnostic functionality that can identify “its most common failures,” 
 Jump’s head of product Nick Foley. “With full connectivity for all on-board vehicle systems, our fleets will be smarter and safer over time, as we use the live diagnostic data from each vehicle to uniquely optimize its performance with algorithms running in our cloud,” Foley added.
The new Jump bikes will be rolling out in the new year, and the company said it will be adding some of the same updated technology to its scooters later in 2019.
Last year, cloud storage provider Box launched 
, a suite of third-party apps that add features and functionality to uploaded files, and the Box Skills Kit, a set of APIs, developer tools, and documentation for designing custom Box Skills on platforms like Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, IBM’s Watson, and Microsoft Azure. Today, the Redwood City company announced that the latter, which was previously in beta, is now generally available, and unveiled a new program — Box Skills Verified Partners — for enterprise Box Skills providers like IBM and Codelitt.
Resources in the Box Skills Kit, along with sample code and dozens of example Skills, can be downloaded from Box’s developer portal and Github page. Additionally, consulting services from the first set of Box Skills Verified Partners — IBM, Codelitt, Reva Solutions, and Crayon — are available through Box’s sales channels.
“Box Skills leverages the world’s best AI to enhance your content in Box,” Jeetu Patel, Box’s chief product officer, wrote in a blog post. “Box Skills [process files by applying algorithms and] write the outputs of the AI processing to the files in Box as metadata, which is used to enhance several Box capabilities including file preview, search, automation, and more … [T]here are hundreds of AI algorithms that can enhance your data in Box and help you unlock value and insight from your business content.”
IBM’s Watson Natural Language Understanding Skill, for example, automatically tags documents in Box with relevant keywords and concepts, making them easier to find, and Microsoft’s Azure Computer Vision Skill extracts text contained within images. Enabling Skills is very nearly a one-tap process — Box admins pick the folder to which they’d like to apply a Skill, configure the corresponding settings in the Box’s control console, and confirm their choices. All users with access to the folder see the Skill right away, automatically.
“With unstructured data growing at an exponential rate, businesses have a tremendous source of valuable insight. However, this data is untapped largely due to the shortcomings of traditional methods of analysis,” Beth Smith, general manager of IBM’s Watson AI division, said of the news. “Watson uses AI to help organizations unlock these insights and ultimately reimagine how work is done.”
Partners in the Box Skills Verified Partners are equipped to build a variety of custom AI solutions for Box, Patel said, including computer vision-driven digital asset management models, contract analysis systems that makes use of optical character recognition and natural language processing algorithms, and customer onboarding experiences with automatic data extraction. All of the initial services partners worked with Box over the course of months to lay the groundwork for Skills that suit the needs of enterprises, according to Patel.
“Many IT organizations, however, may not have the required resources to build custom solutions,” he said. “Box Skills [Verified Partners] makes it easier than ever before for businesses to apply the world’s best AI technologies to their content in Box.”
On a related note, today also marks the debut of AI-related offerings from Box Consulting, Box’s white-glove program that makes available a team of long-term, in-house cloud content management experts to customers. A new machine learning track will help Box’s enterprise customers “develop an AI strategy” and “identify use cases for AI,” Patel said, and provide services such as ideation workshops, proof-of-concept development, and solution architecture reviews.
Today’s announcements come a week after Box officially launched 
 for all users after a months-long public beta. Notably, it enables Google Docs users to create, edit, and save documents from inside Box without having to use Google Drive.
Artificial intelligence (AI) is becoming reasonably proficient at generating novel music, at least if semi-coherent 
 and 
 are your thing. It’s not half bad at penning verses to accompany with it, either. Kind of. Sort of. Not really.
Folks writing for Packt Publishing — via 
 — recently released a step-by-step guide showing how a neural network — in essence, layers of mathematical functions that loosely mimic the behavior of neurons in the brain — can be used to generate new, original lyrics in the style of any artist. Ostensibly.
Their algorithm of choice is a long-short-term memory (LSTM) network, a type of recurrent neural network capable of learning long-term dependencies. The larger the training dataset, the better the results, generally speaking; for their demonstration, the authors sourced a text file of lyrics from 10,000 songs.
You can’t feed raw rhymes into the AI system; a bit of preprocessing is required. As the tutorial’s authors explain, the lyrics data is used to build the vocabulary mapping, which is further transformed by one-hot encoding — a process by which categorical variables (in this case, words) are converted into integer data.
After crafting a machine learning model in Keras — an open source neural network library written in Python — and Google’s TensorFlow machine learning framework, and storing the weights and bias values that over time adjust the strength of the network’s synaptic connections, the folks at Packt Publishing fed it song lyrics and kicked off training. Once the model reached the desired accuracy, they tasked it with brainstorming new rhymes.
The results were … well, not entirely pleasant:
Yeah, oho once upon a time, on ir intasd
I got monk that wear your good
So heard me down in my clipp
Cure me out brick
Coway got baby,
I wanna sheart in faic
I could sink awlrook and heart your all feeling in the firing of to the still hild, gavelly mind, have before you, their lead
Oh, oh shor,s sheld be you und make
Oh, fseh where sufl gone for the runtome
Weaaabe the ligavus I feed themust of hear
Others have had better luck. 
r tapped an open source LSTM network — textgenrnn — to generate Taylor Swift lyrics. Here’s some of the AI’s handywork:
i ‘ m not your friends
and it rains when you ‘ re not speaking
but you think tim mcgraw
and i ‘ m pacing down
i ‘ m comfortable
i ‘ m not a storm in mind
you ‘ re not speaking
and i ‘ m not a saint
and i ‘ m standin ‘ t know you ‘ re
i ‘ m wonderstruck
and you ‘ re gay
And earlier this year, intrepid developers used a recurrent neural net conditioned on a range of artists, including ABBA, in an attempt to produce something somewhat usable. 
 were better than most, but they concede that their AI model might have memorized some of the lines in the training dataset:
Oh, my love it makes me close a thing
You’ve been heard,
I must have waited I hear you
So I say
Thank you for the music, that makes me cry
There’s no question that AI’s getting better at 
. But songwriters can rest easy, it’s safe to say.
One of the biggest platforms in gaming has put some more cash in its pockets. 
 has raised $150 million in its latest round of funding at a $2.05 billion valuation. Investment group Greenoaks Capital led the funding round. Firstmark, 
, IVP, Index Ventures, and Technology Opportunity Partners also contributed.
Discord plans to use the cash to help get its new store off the ground. It is also continuing to improve its core communications technologies. The company is trying to turn its store and Nitro subscription program into its primary source of revenue. But while it builds up that business, it needs capital to continue attracting talent and ensuring that it can make deals. That includes its First On Discord program that brings in timed exclusives from indie developers.
Discord is serious about trying to make its store work, though. Earlier this month, the company announced that 
. That means developers take home 90 percent of a game’s sales while Discord takes 10 percent. That is far better than the standard of 70/30 that Valve’s mammoth Steam store has offered for more than a decade. It’s 
 alongside its game store December 4.
That revenue split should attract developers. But Discord’s primary advantage is having a massive audience on the PC that always has its app open. Because Discord is a communications tool, people have it on the background. For example, I keep Discord open even when I’m working so I can see what my friends are talking about playing. With 200 million registered users, Discord could take that engagement and turn it into spending in a major way. Even if that just means most people starting with a Discord Nitro, which is a quick and painless way to start building a library of games for $10 per month.
 wants to boost the bass levels of your next smartphone’s speakers without increasing their heft. The Swedish company today took the wraps off of Dirac Bass, a solution it claims enables handsets and portable speakers to reproduce “deeper” and more “transparent” low tones than previously possible.
“In speakers, bass performance is all about moving as much air as possible. However, micro-speakers, like those used in smartphones or portable speakers, cannot move the amount of air required to reproduce deep bass content,” Nilo Casimiro Ericsson, Dirac’s head of product management, said. “Dirac Bass solves this problem … with new breakthroughs in digital signal processing to equip mobile devices with a new caliber of bass performance.”
Dirac contends that its secret sauce is a psychoacoustic approach — psychoacoustics being the scientific study of how humans perceive various sounds. According to Ericsson, “bass” sounds in music, which often seem as though they contain a lower fundamental tone, in truth are merely a combination of artificially generated overtones several octaves higher. Taking advantage of this quirk of physics, Dirac Bass maps deep tones to high frequencies more easily reproducible by smartphones’ small loudspeakers.
Dirac claims its tech drives “cleaner” and “more natural” bass as low as 30Hz, and says that, because Dirac Bass effectively inhibits speakers from attempting to reproduce pure tones, it both increases their longevity — they’re no longer at risk of being overdriven — and provides headroom that can be used to increase their overall loudness.
They’re lofty claims, to be sure, but it’s not Dirac’s first rodeo. The firm has worked with BMW, Datasat, Harman, NAD, OnePlus, OPPO, Rolls Royce, Volvo, and Xiaomi to integrate its audio solutions into cars, phones, home theater systems, and more. A sampling of its existing solutions includes Dirac Panorama Sound, which produces an extra-wide sound field from speakers positioned only a few inches apart, and Dirac Power Sound, an audio-enhancing suite that ships in the 
.
Just don’t expect Dirac Bass to come to a device near you anytime soon. Dirac says it will demo the platform at the Consumer Electronics Show in 2019, after which it’ll work to implement the tech with manufacturers who have already committed to supporting Direct Panorama Sound and Dirac Power Sound.
“[Our] suite of digital audio optimization solutions for small speakers has long redefined the mobile listening experience,” Erik Rudolphi, Dirac’s general manager of mobile, said. “Dirac Bass perfectly complements our existing solutions and equips smartphones and small portable speakers with a degree of bass reproduction previously only associated with much larger devices.”
 made about $32.5 million in revenue in November, according to market analyst 
. This is the battle royale’s best month on mobile yet.
That $32.5 million is up 44 percent compared to October. PUBG Mobile previous best month was in August, when it earned $25.7 million. November didn’t just beat the record — it crushed it.
Total revenues for PUBG mobile now stand at $158 million. Lifetime installs are at nearly 270 million.
PUBG Mobile had an especially 
, when it even managed to perform better on iOS than battle royale rival 
 for a short time. Sensor Tower can not get exact revenue numbers for Fortnite on Android since the game is 
.
The U.S. led the November record, contributing $7.1 million to the $32.5 million total. Japan was in second with $6.4 million.
PUBG has competition on mobile outside of Fortnite. NetEase’s Knives Out made $52 million worldwide in November (with revenue generated mostly by Japan).
Google’s AI-driven 
 keyboard now supports more than 500 language varieties — up from 100 languages in December 2016 and 300 in March 2017. That’s according to technical program manager Daan van Esch, who revealed the figure in a 
 this morning.
Newly supported dialects include Nigerian Pidgin, Rangpuri, Balinese, and Pontic Greek, which join more than 40 writing systems ranging from alphabets like Roman and Cyrillic to scripts such as Ol Chiki (in Santali). The Google Play Store 
 lists the full range of languages.
“This means that more than 90 percent of the world can now type in their first language with Gboard, with keyboard layouts tailored to each language and typing smarts like autocorrect and predictive text,” he wrote. “Our goal with Gboard is to help you communicate in a way that’s comfortable and natural, regardless of the language you speak.”
Adding a new language to Gboard isn’t as easy as it sounds. It first requires designing an entirely new keyboard layout, Van Esch said, and then crafting a new machine learning language model to autocorrect typing and predict next words. Then there’s the matter of finding datasets, or corpora, to train those models — data that isn’t always readily available.
“For languages like English, which has only about 30 characters and large amounts of written materials widely available, this is easy,” he wrote. “For many of the world’s languages, though, this process is much harder.”
In some cases, to produce new corpora, Google has shared writing prompts with native speakers, who’ve helped to make them from scratch. From those and other available data, Gboard’s engineers attempt to figure out which characters to include in layouts and to determine how frequently they’re used.
SAN FRANCISCO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 18, 2018–
      OutboundWorks, Inc., the leader in automated sales development,       announced today that it has officially acquired Maverick.ai. This is       OutboundWorks’ second sales development technology acquisition this year       as the company announced in February that it had acquired Hexa.ai.    
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: 
      “With the acquisition and enhancement of Hexa.ai’s technology, we are       able to deliver personalization at scale for OutboundWorks customers.       Now we’re thrilled to bring Maverick.ai’s technology and talent on       board. We Expect Maverick’s workflow and contact selection methodology       to continue to improve our most important success metrics for our       customers,” said Bryan Franklin, Co-Founder and CEO of OutboundWorks.    
      OutboundWorks, founded in early 2017, has combined humans and technology       to deliver qualified sales appointments for some of the fastest growing       companies in tech. In just the last quarter alone, a handful of       OutboundWorks customers have raised more than $200M in venture capital.    
      OutboundWorks will retain the Maverick.ai team along with its technology       and data assets. “I’m truly excited to combine forces with       OutboundWorks, a company I have been following closely since starting       Maverick.ai and widely considered the leader in pushing the sales       development industry forward through the use of automation and machine       learning,” said Yaron Oren, Founder and CEO of Maverick.ai.    
      Yaron has spent the last 20 years in the tech industry, 10 of which he       was a sales and marketing leader and has built 4 successful businesses       along the way. He holds an engineering degree from Cornell and an MBA       from Kellogg School of Management. “When you come across someone of       Yaron’s intelligence and experience, who also shares the same passion in       sales development along with the technology, data and traction the       Maverick team has created in such a short period of time, we knew this       would be a instant win-win,” said Ben Sardella, Co-Founder and CRO of       OutboundWorks.    
      Sales development is one of the fastest growing job markets in the US       according to LinkedIn’s 2017 U.S. Emerging Jobs Report, increasing 5.7x       in 2017. Historically, there have been 2 options, build it in-house or       outsource. Automated sales development, for the first time, is being       established by OutboundWorks as a real 3rd option.    
      For a personalized demo of OutboundWorks, email Ben Sardella at 
       or fill out the form at 
.    
      OutboundWorks, Inc.
Ben Sardella
    
Even 
, the hero of the Halo universe, needs a guardian. And Bonnie Ross, Microsoft’s corporate vice president and head of 343 Industries, has been doing that job for more than a decade.
For her work on the 
 franchise and her promotion of STEM (science, technology, engineering, and math) education for women, under-represented minorities, and children, 
 into the 
 Hall of Fame.
Ross is the 23rd recipient of the prestigious award from the peer-run body, the AIAS. In her role, Ross oversees the Halo franchise that has generated nearly $6 billion in worldwide sales to date.
The 2019 Hall of Fame Award will be presented to Ross during the 22nd Annual 
 ceremony on Wednesday, February 13, 2019, at the 
 event at the Aria Convention Center in Las Vegas. Ross’ long-time colleague and friend, Phil Spencer, head of gaming at Microsoft, will present the award.
I interviewed Ross about her award and her stewardship of Master Chief. Here’s an edited transcript of our interview.
Above: Bonnie Ross of Microsoft is getting the Hall of Fame award for AIAS.
 Thank you so much. That’s an amazing honor. It’s really wonderful thing.
 [
]. It is. I think that the things that they recognize and obviously the work that I’ve done a Halo and then also the work on diversity and STEM. It was really meaningful to me that it played a role in it as well. I’m passionate about Halo and diversity and gaming.
 I’ve been a fan of Halo in since the beginning. I’m a huge science fiction reader. Or was. I haven’t really had as much time to read it since I’ve taken over Halo. But when we first shipped Halo I was working on Zoo Tycoon. We released 
 book about a month before the game. And so, for me, reading the book and John’s backstory, and then playing the game, really had an emotional impact on how important Halo is to me. I have always been passionate about the game and being able to take over the franchise and steward the franchise after Bungie left was really one of the most amazing career opportunities. It was the opportunity of a lifetime.
And then I say for the STEM side, I was a college hire for Microsoft and came for technology, but I’m not sure I would have stayed if I hadn’t found gaming. For me, gaming really sort of connected the dots of what you can do with technology. I believe, like gaming is technology empowering art, creativity, and storytelling. That made a difference in my passion and that created the passion of how do I connect the dots for other young women and minorities to kind of get more people in gaming.
 My dad was an engineer. And he told me I was going to be an engineer. So I didn’t really have a choice going in. I didn’t think I had a choice. But you know, a lot of the research that we’ve done at Microsoft is about having a mentor, whether it be your parents or someone else, is really key. It means helping girls and other kids and minorities thinking that it is a possible career. I look to how to how can I be a mentor and how can I be a figure that opens up the possibilities for others. How do I give back there?
Above: Halo: Fireteam Raven at the mall.
That’s a good question. The luxury I think I’ve had in working on the PC games and sports games from before is that we were a platform company working games. It’s just a diversity of games that we can work on within the Xbox portfolio. I never felt the need to go elsewhere. Because we have had so many different types of games in our portfolio. So there’s always been something that interested me. Then there was taking over the Halo franchise. This is a universe that I’m so passionate about. There are many stories that I want us to tell. So I’m here for a while.
 When I first took over the Halo franchise — you know Halo very well. But Halo One, Halo 2, and Halo 3 take place over three months of time. The fictional universe is huge. I looked at Halo as a universe, which is the most important character. We spent a ton of time in the early days of 343 just expanding the canvas, or framing the world in which we could tell stories and making it larger, adding more characters such that we could tell stories over the next two decades.
I look at Halo One, two and three as the beginning. How we can create a canvas upon which different artists can tell stories in this amazing universe is something that I’m just so passionate about. I feel like it’s such a large world and universe and there’s so much stuff we can we can do so I kind of I have my dream job. I feel like there’s so much more work to do and super excited about all the things we’re doing going forward. I’m super excited about Halo: Infinite and about the Showtime series. There’s a lot more Halo stories to tell. It’s such an amazing universe.
 I feel so lucky. Bungie created this universe that I escaped into, and I fell in love with, and it is such an amazing opportunity to be able to be the steward and guardian of that universe going forward. I’m forever grateful to the work that Bungie did.
 [
]. I’ve been really proud of the work across the industry over the last five years. Maybe growing up a bit. You look at the diversity of characters that we have in the industry across games, and they look at the ability to create characters that look like you or experience different world through the eyes of different diverse characters is something that I think you’re seeing a ton more in the industry.
I think that is really important to attracting more talent on the creator side of the industry. And I think it’s also really important in that gaming is entertainment for everyone. And, you know, there are over two billion gamers on the planet. Everyone games now. And I think I’m really proud that we’re working to sort of change the way that that looks.
Yeah, like I was saying before, connecting the dots. Microsoft’s research on middle school has shown 91 percent of young girls see themselves as creative, but they don’t see technology as creative. And so I do a lot of talks in high schools and middle schools and colleges to kind of really help connect the dots, that technology is creative. And that that gaming is essentially like an interactive movie. There are so many different careers for artists or writers, or programmers or producers. There’s just so many different ways that young people can enter into the gaming industry. And yeah, I definitely encourage people to have some sort of technical background. You do not need it, but it helps. And so if you’re thinking about in college, getting a minor or major in computer science or doing a blended mix of something and a CS degree are all things that I encourage.
But also if you’re passionate about the gaming industry, you know, there’s so many different ways to get in and you should pursue your passion.
Above: Arena multiplayer mode in Halo 5: Guardians
 On the Halo side, I think so lucky to have such a fanatical fan base that is very vocal about everything we do, positive and negative. When you look at where communities are, they’re a really vital and important part of, of game development. Now, it isn’t just about the creators story, it’s about the user story. I do think community is incredibly important.
If we’re talking about toxicity in the community, I think we all have a role in and helping create a better environment. And I do see improvement happening. When you look at all of us at Microsoft, Sony, and Nintendo, we spent a lot of time working together on how we can ensure that we’re creating an inclusive, accessible, environment because, you know, no one wants to play in an environment where people are saying things that don’t align with you.
 I would say that taking over the Halo franchise was taking over an established business but creating a startup company to do that. The thing that I’m most proud of is building an amazing team. I am biased. But I would say that the 343 team has the most talented creators in the in the industry. And I would say, that’s the thing I’m most proud of. The work that they have done, the work we’re doing on Halo: Infinite is something that I am so proud.
 Honestly, we have made mistakes along the way. The community has helped us in creating good learning experiences for us. But I think that when I look at Halo, the universe is the most important character and we are stewards of the universe. And if we’re going to keep the universe alive and healthy, I think that we have to ensure that we are doing right by Halo.
I do look at it as a very humbling experience. The whole team looks at this as not just our universe. It’s the fans’universe. How are we doing right by the fans? How are we doing right by the franchise? It is a part of our culture, this precious, precious world, and we’re responsible for taking care of it. And we want to do it right.
Bonnie Ross is the 
 boss, and for that, she is being inducted into the 
 Hall of Fame.
Ross is the 23rd recipient of the prestigious award from the peer-run body, the AIAS. She is one of the rare women honored by the industry for her achievements in the creation of the Halo video games as well as her promotion of diversity and STEM (science, technology, engineering, and math) education for women, under-represented minorities, and children.
Ross is Microsoft’s corporate vice president and head of 343 Industries, which oversees the Halo franchise. Ross has been integral in the vision and expansion of the Halo franchise that has continued to excite generations of fans, generating nearly $6 billion in worldwide sales to date and has transcended video games to grow into a global entertainment phenomenon.
“It is thanks to Bonnie’s vision and drive for combining art and technology that has allowed the Halo universe to flourish within so many different mediums and platforms,” said Meggan Scavio, president of the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences, in a statement. “That along with her deep passion to expand diversity in gaming and encourage STEM education amongst women as well as all young people is truly inspirational. Her positive legacy and leadership have helped advance interactive entertainment and will impact game makers and aspiring game makers for generations to come.”
The 2019 Hall of Fame Award will be presented to Ross during the 22nd Annual 
 ceremony on Wednesday, February 13, 2019, at the 
 event at the Aria Convention Center in Las Vegas. Ross’ long-time colleague and friend, Phil Spencer, head of gaming at Microsoft, will present the award.
Above: Halo Infinite for Xbox One is currently under development.
“It’s been a privilege to work alongside Bonnie for more than two decades, and I have continually been impressed not only by her passion for merging art and storytelling, but also her equal passion for creating teams and technical breakthroughs; solid foundations that will set the direction of Halo and Xbox for years to come,” said Spencer, in a statement. “Bonnie’s tenure at Microsoft is more than just a model for aspiring game makers, it’s a proof of concept that bringing together talented and diverse voices around a shared, passionate vision, can unleash worlds, wonders and legends that define entertainment for generations.”
Above: Halo 5: Guardians
Ross’ interest in technology and gaming began at an early age, where her pursuit of advanced math and science classes led to a degree in Technical Communication and a concentration in Physics and Computer Science. Following college, she landed an internship at IBM before beginning her profession at Microsoft, first working on operating systems.
Ross began her career in the games industry in 1994, when Microsoft created a PC sports gaming division, leading to her first game release, NBA Full Court Press for Windows. She progressed her career in gaming in a variety of roles, including producer, lead producer, executive producer and general manager overseeing production for all titles within the Microsoft Game Studios portfolio.
In these roles, Ross worked with several leading development studios in the co-development or publishing of many well-known titles, including Counter-Strike (Xbox), Dungeon Siege, Fuzion Frenzy, Gears of War, Jade Empire, Mass Effect, NBA: Inside Drive, Pandora’s Box, Psychonauts, and Zoo Tycoon.
In 2007, when Halo’s creators, Bungie, parted ways with Microsoft as a first-party developer, Ross founded 343 Industries, an entertainment studio committed to fostering the growth and expansion of the Halo franchise. In an interview with GamesBeat, Ross considered the formation of 343 Industries to be her proudest contribution. After all, if it fell apart after Bungie spun out, we wouldn’t have more Halo games.
At Microsoft Game Studios and 343 Industries, Ross has worked with or directly overseen many well-loved Halo games: Halo 3: ODST, Halo: Reach, Halo: Combat Evolved Anniversary, Halo: Spartan Assault, Halo: Spartan Strike, Halo 4, Halo: The Master Chief Collection, Halo 5: Guardians, Halo Wars 2, Halo: Fireteam Raven, and the upcoming 
.
Halo has also been a transmedia effort. Ross has helped create the upcoming Halo television series by Showtime, and live-action series, such as Halo: Forward Unto Dawn and Halo: Nightfall. In addition, 12 of 17 Halo novels have been named to the New York Times Best Sellers list and Halo consumer products have generated over $1.5 billion in consumer spend.
When it comes to diversity, Ross cofounded the Microsoft Women in Gaming community as a way for women in the industry to network and support each other. Beginning as a small cocktail event with roughly 20 attendees, it has since then grown to become an annual lunch at the Game Developers Conference (GDC) that counts more than 1,500 in attendance.
Ross was named one of Fortune’s most powerful women in gaming and is a part of The Ad Council’s “She Can STEM” campaign.
Past 
 include: Todd Howard (2017), Hideo Kojima (2016), Leslie Benzies (2014), Dan and Sam Houser (2014) and Tim Sweeney (2012).
      
    
  
SAN FRANCISCO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 18, 2018–
      Ardica Technologies, a leader in powerful, lightweight energy solutions,       has hired two senior professionals to fill critical management positions       for its commercial business development and fuel production efforts.       Brandon Buzarde has joined Ardica as its Vice President of Commercial       Business Development, and Dr. Joseph ‘Joe’ Coury assumes leadership over       the company’s rapidly-expanding solid hydrogen fuel program.    
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: 
Brandon Buzarde, Vice President, Commercial Business Development, Ardica Technologies (Photo: Business Wire)  
      For more than a decade, Ardica has worked tirelessly to produce       scalable, cost-effective alane (aluminum hydride or AlH
), a       solid powder composed of hydrogen and aluminum. With outstanding energy       density, stability and safety characteristics, Alane can produce       extremely lightweight, flexible and reliable power when used through       Ardica’s fuel cell power systems.    
      As a result of its early success in providing these solutions to support       the U.S. military, awareness of Alane’s potential to provide critical       energy continuity for a wide variety of applications and industries has       grown considerably. The addition of these deeply-experienced, capable       and innovative professionals enables the company to deliver on its       energy mission and address the many related opportunities that now exist.    
      Brandon Buzarde has held a wide range of executive positions in both       privately and publicly-traded organizations. Most notably, Buzarde       championed adoption of several disruptive Oil and Gas drilling       technologies from organizations such as Cubility and National Oilwell       Varco. Buzarde has demonstrated visionary leadership in these endeavors,       with a consistent track record of outsized results.    
      “Brandon immediately got my attention with his exceptional salesmanship       of the Cubility solution,” said Kristopher J. Lichter, Chief Executive       Officer of Ardica Technologies. “I followed his professional success       with great interest and am extremely pleased he could join our team as       we take Ardica into this new phase of growth.”    
      “Over the years I could not get the Ardica story out of my head,” said       Buzarde. “It’s extremely exciting to have the opportunity to deliver a       superior energy technology that so effectively addresses the expanding       power requirements of our modern world.”    
      Dr. Joseph ‘Joe’ Coury, a US Navy veteran, recently completed a 20-year       career at Albemarle Corporation, a leading global specialty chemicals       company. While at Albemarle, he served as a Senior R&D Manager and       Technology Resources Director. His responsibilities included leading       teams of scientists and engineers in developing new products, scaling-up       new products manufacture, and ultimately designing and building large       commercial-scale plants to produce those products. Of note is his       expertise in the areas of aluminum, magnesium, and zinc chemistry which       complements his responsibilities overseeing the manufacture of Ardica’s       Alane fuel.    
      “Joe originally came to us as a consultant after being highly       recommended by fellow industry leaders,” said Lichter. “It was obvious       from the beginning that he was a brilliant chemical professional, and a       team player highly committed to seeing Ardica succeed in our efforts to       provide a better energy solution.”    
      “What attracted me to Ardica was the competence of the team, and their       passion for creating more flexible, reliable power through Alane,” Coury       said. “I share their dedication to that mission, and am fully-focused on       scaling up our Alane production in service to our clients, partners and       the world at large.”    
      In addition to these critical management team hires, Ardica is very       pleased to announce that Michael Jacobson has officially joined its       Board of Directors. Jacobson is well-known and deeply-respected in the       technology community, having made his mark as eBay’s original and       long-standing General Counsel. As such, Jacobson successfully shepherded       that iconic company from its early days, when Internet commerce was in       its infancy, through its IPO and explosive growth to become a Fortune       200 company. Prior to eBay, Jacobson was a partner at Cooley LLP, one of       the nation’s top legal services firms.    
      “Mike has been a strong, ongoing supporter of Ardica for many years,       offering assistance at every turn. The Ardica Board, its clients,       employees and shareholders benefit greatly from his deep and       wide-ranging business acumen, and we are grateful for his involvement.”       Lichter said.    
      “I’m fortunate to have been involved in a wide variety of disruptive       technologies throughout my career,” Jacobson said. “I am excited by the       enormous potential Ardica and Alane have to provide a truly better       energy storage option for across a wide variety of applications. The       team continues to impress me with its vision, its execution and its       dedication to making Alane pervasive in the world.”    
      
    
      Founded in 2004, Ardica Technologies is focused on creating novel,       lightweight power solutions that dramatically extend the usage and       utility of electronic devices. The company employs a patented solid       hydrogen fuel that is safe, clean and energy-rich, and can be used in       any application, geography or environment. Ardica is based in San       Francisco, CA.    
      For more information, please visit Ardica.com, or contact Marisa Shumway       at 415-225-0904.    
      Marisa Shumway, 415-225-0904    
It seems foolish for any developer to compete with battle royale giants Fortnite and PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds. But the rising popularity of 
 proves that the crowded genre still has some room for new challengers.
Out for free on PC via Steam Early Access, Ring of Elysium takes place on the wintry mountainside of Mt. Dione, where 60 players have to duke it out in the midst of a deadly snowstorm. The goal is to board the lone helicopter coming to evacuate the remaining survivors at the end of each multiplayer match — the catch is that it only has four seats.
But since this is still a ruthless battle royale game, it’s rare that you’ll find people who are willing to share those seats with you.
Ring of Elysium comes from Tencent Games’s Aurora Studio, a Shanghai-based developer known for massively multiplayer online games like Moonlight Blade and Legend of Xuan Yuan, both of which are popular throughout Asia. According to Aurora Studio president Ethan Yu, work began on Ring of Elysium (which went by the codename Europa) a few years ago, before PUBG and Fortnite came out.
“We saw huge potential for the battle royale genre’s gameplay from H1Z1, so we decided to grab this opportunity,” said Yu.
Aurora wanted to create a fun and unique battle royale experience. Even at this early stage of development, Ring of Elysium seems well on its way to accomplishing that goal. The emphasis on faster movement (you can use hang gliders and snowboards to zip around the map) and a dynamic weather system (where extremely cold temperatures can hurt you) means you have to approach the game a little differently than other shooters.
In addition to hunting for weapons and gear, you need to keep an eye out for threats from the sky and quickly adapt when a sudden blizzard obstructs your surroundings.
“In the beginning, we designed some class and perk mechanisms similar to other games. However, we were not satisfied with them in terms of balance, uniqueness, etc.,” said Yu. “We gave up those designs and re-developed a demo to test and verify the gameplay, and finally, some traversal abilities stood out — they tightly linked with our level designs, significantly increasing the strategic choices and are fun to use. So they made it into the official version of

the game.”
Unlike most other last-man-standing games, the developers try to justify why so many people would want to kill each other in the first place. In Ring of Elysium, the Mt. Dione police department evacuates the ski resort after experiencing the worst cold snap in decades. However, a few tourists (all of whom just happen to be skilled marksmen) remain, and thus begins the race to eliminate everyone before the last rescue chopper comes through.
“Immersion is crucial for any game, even if it’s a single-game shooter and not an RPG. Rather than ‘violence without a cause,’ we prefer to create a background setting that is reasonable for players to fight against each other,” Yu explained. “At the same time, this is also paving the way for the upcoming game modes we will develop later, which has a lot to do with the plot and worldview of the game.”
One example Yu brought up is the Dione Police Case Investigation, an event that is coming soon to Ring of Elysium. When it goes live, you’ll have a chance to learn more about the mysterious serial killer in the area, a person that’s mentioned only in diary entries and newspaper clippings peppered throughout the map. Once players discover enough clues, they’ll be able to access classified files at the police station and read about the Snow Mountain murders.
And in a new mode that the developer is teasing for a Christmas release, the snowstorm ends up trapping everyone in town. You’ll have to find a way to stay warm for the night as you battle against the other survivors.
“Players will need to use different methods, such as gathering resources, in order to survive the extremely harsh night until dawn. This mode is also a deep utilization of and further enhancement to the game’s story,” said Yu.
While Tencent has experience localizing games for other countries — it’s the publisher of both PUBG and Fortnite in China — this is the first time it’s going the other way with a battle royale shooter: bringing an eastern-made game to the west. Aurora is well aware of how important it is to appeal to a worldwide audience, and it’s something that the studio is constantly trying to improve on.
“Although western players have higher requirements for challenges and innovations, we think eastern and western players don’t have a fundamental difference of preferences on a gameplay level,” Yu said. “The greater challenge comes from the art style — how to select an art style that will be accepted from players around the world’ became a difficult problem for us.”
“Especially in terms of character designs, we are now actively making some attempts regarding this. Hopefully, we will eventually earn the recognition from players in different regions.”
The Ring of Elysium community is already seeing some of those ideas come to fruition. Aurora Studio recently released three new avatars through the game’s Adventurer Pass, a system that rewards you with cosmetic items the more you play. The new characters are Gavin (an extreme sports athlete), Lynn (a photographer), and the ninja-like Hikage.
All of them have additional outfits and accessories you can unlock through the Pass, giving them a bit more personality than the default character designs.
The developer also plans on adding new weapons and vehicles in future updates. But for now, it’s mainly focusing on introducing new modes and maps, including a reworked version of the island map from Ring of Elysium’s Asia-only beta.
“We really enjoy working hard to create unexpected surprises for players because we believe that a highly innovative playing style is one of the core spirits of ROE,” said Yu.
 is one of the developers scooping up talent from the dissolution of The Walking Dead studio Telltale Games. Former Telltale lead writer Mary Kenney announced on social media that she is going to work for the Marvel’s Spider-Man company in 2019.
Kenney worked as lead writer on The Walking Dead: The Final Season at Telltale. She also did some narrative design for Batman: The Enemy Within. Now, she will take her skills to work on projects for Insomniac — although she likely won’t have time to contribute to Marvel’s Spider-Man. The webslinger’s final downloadable-content expansion already debuted earlier in December.
“I am over-the-moon thrilled to tell y’all that I’m joining Insomniac in the New Year,” Kenney 
.
Insomniac is coming off of its biggest hit ever. Spider-Man is the No. 4 best-selling game of 2018 so far. That puts it just behind Red Dead Redemption II and Far Cry 5 even though the superhero simulator is only on PlayStation 4. And one of the stand-out features of Insomniac’s Peter Park adventure is its writing. With Spider-Man, Insomniac embraced comic-book storytelling with good and evil, relationships and betrayal, and everything that has always made the character so appealing.
Kenney could end up working on a new Spider-Man game, which seems inevitable. Or she could end up writing on a completely different project. Insomniac usually has multiple games in development. But whatever the studio makes next, it will likely want to ensure that it has quality writing similar to Spider-Man.
Kenney is just one of 
. At the time, Telltale said it would keep some staff on, but it 
.
Since then, many have found work, but others are still looking. Most notably, 
 comics publisher and writer Robert Kirkman said his company Skybound would finish development on The Final Season. During the Kinda Funny Games Showcase earlier this month, Skybound revealed that Episode 3: Broken Toys would launch January 15.
To help finish the game, Skybound attempted to bring on as many of the original developers as it could. The company has about 40 ex-Telltale devs working on the game.
“We’re extremely thankful to the team working on this game to make sure the season is finished with the quality the game and the fans deserve,” read a Skybound statement. “We are #stillnotbitten.”
The gaming industry has grown 21 percent year-over-year in 2018 in the United States alone, 
. With spending at such a fever pitch, demand for talent is high. And that is enabling a smoother transition for Telltale employees. That is especially important considering the studio did not pay any severance.
And while Telltale is done, it’s clear that it will continue to affect the industry with the people who are leaving the studio behind.
In June, following in the footsteps of Microsoft, Facebook, and others, Google unveiled a set of 
 intended to guide its work in artificial intelligence (AI). Accord to the Mountain View company, AI projects which it chooses to pursue must (1) be socially beneficial, (2) avoid creating or reinforcing bias, (3) be built and tested for safety, (4) be accountable to people, (5) incorporate privacy design principles, (6) uphold high standards of scientific excellence, and (7) be made available for uses that accord with all principles.
Today, six months later, it gave a progress update on its effort to implement those guidelines.
Kent Walker, senior vice president of global affairs at Google, said in a 
 that a formal review structure to assess new “projects, products and deals” has been established, and that more than 100 reviews have been completed so far. Some have resulted in decisions to modify 
 and to hold off on commercial offerings of technology like 
.
“Thoughtful decisions require careful and nuanced consideration of how the AI principles … should apply, how to make tradeoffs when principles come into conflict, and how to mitigate risks for a given circumstance,” Walker said. “Most of these cases … have aligned with the principles.”
Google’s AI ethics review team as it exists today consists of researchers, social scientists, ethicists, human rights specialists, policy and privacy advisors, legal experts, social scientists who handle initial assessments and “day-to-day operations,” and a second group of “senior experts” from a “range of disciplines” across Alphabet — Google’s parent company — who provide technological, functional, and application expertise. A council of senior executives navigates more “complex and difficult issues,” including decisions that affect Google’s products and technologies.
The eventual goal, Walker says, is to scale the decision-making framework across Google, and to rope in “experts from a variety of disciplines” and create an external advisory group to complement existing internal review processes.
“We’re committed to promoting thoughtful consideration of these important issues and appreciate the work of the many teams contributing to the review process, as we continue to refine our approach,” Walker wrote.
Google also said today that it’s embarked on several pedagogical efforts to spread awareness about the AI principles, including a pilot training course based on the Santa Clara University Markkula Center for Applied Ethics’ “Ethics in Technology Practice” project. Additionally, it’s hosted an AI Ethics speaker series covering topics such as bias in natural language processing (NLP) and the use of AI in criminal justice, and it added a module on fairness to its online Machine Learning Crash Course.
Google’s self-report comes weeks after the company tweaked 
, its freely available language translation tool, to show both feminine and masculine translations for some languages, and after it blocked 
, a Gmail feature that automatically suggests sentences for users as they type, from suggesting gender-based pronouns.
Those examples are far from the company’s only gaffes. In 2015, it was forced to apologize when Google Photos’ image recognition component labeled a black couple as “gorillas.” And a year later, in response to public backlash, it altered Google Search’s autocomplete function after it suggested the anti-Semitic query “are jews evil” when users sought information about Jews.
More recently, Google has faced criticism over 
, the controversial Pentagon research program that sought to use AI to improve object recognition in military drones. It contributed TensorFlow, its open source AI framework, to the Pentagon while under the Project Maven contract. And it also planned to build a “Google-earth-like” surveillance system that would allow Defense Department analysts and contractors to “click on” buildings, vehicles, people, large crowds, and landmarks, and “see everything associated with [them].”
Google’s participation prompted dozens of employees to resign and more than 4,000 others to sign an open opposition letter, which this summer led to the drafting of an internal ethics policy to guide Google’s involvement in future military projects.
To be fair, Google is not the only company that’s received criticism for controversial applications of AI.
This summer, Amazon seeded 
, a cloud-based 
 available through its Amazon Web Services division, to law enforcement in Orlando, Florida and the Washington County, Oregon Sheriff’s Office. In a test — the accuracy of which Amazon disputes — the American Civil Liberties Union demonstrated that Rekognition, when fed 25,000 mugshots from a “public source” and tasked with comparing them to official photos of Congressional members, 
 28 as criminals.
And in September, a report in 
 revealed that IBM worked with the New York City Police Department to develop a system that allowed officials to search for people by skin color, hair color, gender, age, and various facial features. Using “thousands” of photographs from roughly 50 cameras provided by the NYPD, its AI learned to identify clothing color and other bodily characteristics.
 may be in for a Betrayal, but it’s not coming from its players. A studio spokesperson from 
 said today that the free-to-play 
 set a new mark for concurrent players.
 launched December 6 on PC, and Path of Exile reached about 189,000 players. Two-thirds of them are coming from Steam, a spokesperson said. This is a 28 percent increase over the previous expansion high. This shows studios that put out regular content updates with new storylines, character options, items, and loot have a good chance of seeing a flood of returning players — and maybe some new ones, too. The previous high for concurrent players came with the launch of the Fall of Oriath expansion in August 2017.
And 
, Path of Exile was the 9th-most watched game on Twitch, the dominant livestreaming service in gaming, putting it ahead of Warframe and behind PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds.
Path of Exile has been a success for Grinding Gear Games. The online take on Diablo’s loot-based action-RPG subgenre continues to grow since its 2013 debut on PC. And it’s preparing for a new audience on PlayStation 4. This is part of why 
 in Grinding Gear in May.
Betrayal centers on your investigation of the Immortal Syndicate, a mysterious group. You’re working with Jun Ortoi, who’s a member of the Order of the Djinn. They’re concerned that the Immortal Syndicate has figured out a way to bring back the dead … without them being undead. As you investigate their 18 members, you assemble a police-like board of suspects (you may even interrogate them if you capture them). It brings a new element to Path of Exile that goes beyond killing foes, finding loot, and modding your equipment.
The story of once-hyped augmented reality (AR) startup 
 has come to an end. The London-based company 
 that it had started insolvency procedures, a process that means all employees will be let go and, likely, services terminated.
Back in September, Blippar 
 as it sought more runway to reach profitability by focusing on the B2B sphere. But it transpires that Blippar also went in search of “an additional small amount of funding” that was blocked by one of its shareholders. “Regrettably, one shareholder voted against the additional funding, effectively blocking the investment even if they were not asked to participate in any further financing of the business, and despite our extensive efforts to reach a successful resolution,” the company announcement read.
So how did Blippar, an early trailblazer for the advancement of AR in the consumer realm, end up here? Here’s a quick look at some of the turns the company has taken since its inception.
It was more than seven years ago, at a technology conference in London, that I 
. The company hadn’t even launched its first product yet — it was simply demoing funky smartphone-based technology that “augmented” real-world objects with pictures, data, videos, and more when viewed through a digital screen. The startup was one of several presenting that day, but Blippar’s technology stood out. It was pretty gnarly stuff in the context of the time, given that the worlds of Android and iOS were just a few years old — platforms such as Blippar really opened a whole new world of opportunity for smartphones.
Back then, Blippar was focused pretty much entirely on advertisers, the idea being that a user holds their phone up to a brand’s packaging to unlock games and other goodies. At 
 on Android and iOS in August 2011, Blippar had teamed up with Cadbury, which invited chocolate fans to play an augmented reality game triggered by its packaging. The game itself was not particularly exciting — you tapped a horde of quacking ducks as they emerged from the wrapper — but it was evidence of the kinds of things that Blippar was capable of in terms of commercial applications.
Above: Blippar & Cadbury
In the intervening years, Blippar iterated on this basic concept with various brands and campaigns. And in 2014 it 
, enabling developers to create augmented reality games that use a person’s eyes to control gameplay.
But it became clear there wasn’t enough of a market for pointing phones (or gimmicky glasses) at branded packaging to unlock content. Blippar needed to evolve its business in line with the broader technology trends, and — more importantly — find ways to make real money.
In 2015, Blippar 
 to explore “innovative use cases” not just for AR, but virtual reality (VR) too. The first of those products was Cardio VR for Google Cardboard, which leveraged VR to teach children about the human body.
Above: Cardio VR
“Cardio VR marks an important moment in Blippar’s history,” noted Blippar cofounder and CEO Ambarish Mitra at the time. “Cardio marks our tangible and successful entrance into VR, and we look forward to continuing to produce great experiences for consumers via our newly launched innovation lab.”
By the time of its 
 in early 2016, Blippar had been doubling down on its broader machine learning and AI efforts, with 60 engineers in its San Francisco and Mountain View offices and 300 employees spread across 14 offices globally.
“2016 is poised to be the biggest year in Blippar’s history as we not only expand our breadth and depth as a business — across our team, technology capabilities and product offerings — but also reach new heights with our vision to become a true visual discovery engine for the physical world,” Mitra explained.
A few months later, Blippar launched a completely reimagined version of its flagship app. It had essentially morphed into a visual search engine — 
 in the physical world, such as a pizza, to find more information on it. It was kind of like what Shazam had been doing for music, but for the visual world. The technology also meshed all the buzzwords of the day such as computer vision, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and augmented reality, to create a giant knowledge graph of the visual world it called Blipparsphere.
Above: Blippar … pizza?
Later that year, Blippar 
 with a new feature that allowed you to scan photos of famous people to find out more information on them, before 
 for businesses to integrate similar technology into their own products. Blippar also opened things up so anyone could create their own AR face profile, for others to identify them by scanning their face.
The following year, Blippar 
 new car recognition smarts, allowing anyone to point their phone at any car to garner detailed information on it, including the make, model, year, average customer ratings, prices, and a 360 degree view of the car’s interior.
Notably, Blippar also made the car recognition API available for any other developer or company to license and use inside their own products.
That same year, Blippar 
 it called an Urban Visual Positioning System, which leans on computer vision “to provide more accurate location data than GPS.”
A few months back, Blippar 
 to the indoor world for “enhanced location-based augmented reality,” designed to help people find their way around indoor environments, such as shopping malls, by following directions from their phone’s camera.
Above: Blippar’s indoor AR navigation
Some estimates predict that the AR industry will 
 and 
. Indeed, we are approaching a point where AR is finding 
 noteworthy 
, while the consumer market is 
. But AR still has some way to go before it gleans proper mainstream adoption of the kind that Blippar really needed to thrive way back when.
In Blippar’s defense, it has come a long way since its inception in 2011, when it was pitched as “the first universal augmented reality platform aimed at advertisers.” The company hasn’t stopped 
 to innovate and evolve, and it has embraced all the latest technologies of the time, from computer vision and machine learning to facial recognition and location-based AR. But it never quite managed to find its market; investors need evidence of progress, even if a company isn’t planning to go public anytime soon. And it was investors — or a single investor — that ultimately pulled the plug on Blippar.
“Over the last several months, the whole team at Blippar has worked hard to focus the business on our B2B offering in order to reach profitability and deliver long-term value to shareholders,” the company said as part of its insolvency announcement. “This strategy had been approved unanimously by our board and required a small amount of funding, in addition to the funding announced in September, to fulfill our plans. That funding was secured, but it ultimately required shareholders’ approval for Blippar to access it.”
For those who have followed Blippar in recent years, the sorry conclusion should perhaps come as little surprise. The company had raised north of $130 million from big names such as Qualcomm, while it reportedly entered the coveted “unicorn” ranks a few years ago after claiming a valuation of more than $1 billion. However, Blippar has been 
 for a while in search of profitability — it lost $43 million in its 2017 financial year, $10 million more than the previous year.
This leads us to another potential outcome the company could have pursued. Back in 2015, Mitra 
 with the Financial Times that it had spurned an offer from an unnamed company to buy it out for $1.5 billion, which appears to be the basis of Blippar’s “unicorn” status. A few months back, 
 that Snap later tried to buy Blippar for somewhere in the region of $200 million.
In many ways, Blippar was ahead of its time. It would have been better off being acquired earlier in its history, where it would’ve had more time to develop its technology as part of a bigger platform, be it Google, Apple, Facebook, or somewhere else.
“We are proud to be one of AR’s early pioneers, and we will continue to be champions for augmented reality long into the future,” Blippar’s statement concluded.
 — U.S. supermarket chain Kroger said on Tuesday it has started using unmanned autonomous vehicles to deliver groceries in Scottsdale, Arizona in partnership with Silicon Valley startup 
.
The delivery service follows a pilot program started by the companies in Scottsdale in August and involved Nuro’s R1, a custom unmanned vehicle.
The R1 uses public roads and has no driver and is used to only transport goods.
Kroger’s deal with Nuro underscores the stiff competition in the U.S. grocery delivery market with supermarket chains angling for a bigger share of consumer spending.
Peers Walmart and Amazon have also invested heavily in their delivery operations by expanding their offerings and shortening delivery times.
Walmart, Ford Motor, and delivery service Postmates said last month they would collaborate to deliver groceries and other goods to Walmart customers and that could someday use autonomous vehicles.
Kroger said the service would be available in Scottsdale at its unit Fry’s Food Stores for $5.95 with no minimum order requirement for same-day or next-day deliveries.
“Identity is back on the front page, as people are starting to understand that stolen identity is the number one security issue out there,” says Jim Ducharme, VP of Identity Products at RSA. “Compromised credentials is the weak link in the security armor, but there are lot of good technical advancements in the market.”
Artificial intelligence is the key, Ducharme says. It allows us to go beyond some of the less scalable ways of protection, with its 
 to detect complex attacks and changing attack patterns, and then adapt to them.
“For over a decade, AI and machine learning has demonstrated it can do a better job of fraud detection,” he says. “It’s proven to work in the world of security, particularly in advanced fraud. Now we need to take a lot of the same principles and apply them to securing other things.”
For instance, enterprise access — is this person who they claim to be? It’s time to go past basic security strategies and the way we think about security. The “I know your mother’s maiden name, so it must be you” world, and think about ways AI can supplement the safeguards currently in place.
“It’s not that companies who have experienced breaches didn’t care about security or didn’t have controls in place to protect their data,” he says. “The reality is, the threat actors found ways around those static controls to get to that data. But that’s where AI comes in, to add a layer above that static control.”
He offers the example of credit and debit card transactions: Why is it that a 4-digit PIN is good enough to protect your bank account?
“Here in the enterprise, my password has to be at least eight characters, have a special character, an uppercase letter, a number, and I change it every 60 days,” he says. “While my debit card is protected by a 4-digit PIN, and I haven’t changed that password since I first set it when I was in high school.”
And that PIN can be guessed pretty easily — there are only a thousand combinations, and it’s probably either your birthday, your kid’s birthday, or a sequential set of numbers.
“But the beauty is, behind that PIN, behind that piece of plastic, is AI and machine learning fraud detection,” he says. “It’s asking, is this your normal pattern of behavior? Did you just buy a Ferrari with your debit card?”
AI-powered fraud detection goes beyond the simple static controls to look for things that don’t make sense — you had the right PIN and you seem to have the card, but this doesn’t smell right.
Fraud departments are the best way to see the power of AI day in and day out, Ducharme says, with the technology on the back end detecting fraud in real time. The next level is the enterprise case.
If someone logs into the enterprise server on a device they’ve never used or in an unknown location, that odd pattern can be flagged, and an identity challenge issued.
If you go back to any corporate data breach example, if somebody’s extracting the entire database, AI and machine learning would note that this user does have access to the system, with the right credentials, but it looks like they’ve just downloaded every customer’s data, and that just doesn’t seem to match their normal pattern of user behavior.
“The good news is, most companies have realized that things like usernames and passwords are easily compromised — they recognize the weak link,” says Ducharme. “Too many times the mistake is, they think the way in which they have to add additional layers of security is just putting an additional burden on the end user to protect their information.”
It results in what he calls the Fort Knox paradox, in which to protect your cloud data, companies make their employees log in via a VPN, so that they can’t get to a cloud resource without going through the enterprise, which defeats the purpose, and ensures you can’t get rid of your infrastructure cost, the way moving to the cloud was supposed to do. Or you require your users to change their password every 30 days instead of every 60, or you up the required complexity and so on, making controls more labyrinth without adding any significant security benefit. And almost always ending in users finding workarounds that defeat the purpose entirely, like the written-down password epidemic.
“It took me half an hour to create a password that worked with a bank’s password policy, because it was so complicated,” he says. “What did I have to do? I had to write it down on a post-it note. How secure is that, right? Who’s it really protecting? That’s the problem it creates.”
He cites the local cable provider with all the passwords for the systems he needed access to laminated onto his laptop; or the fire station with passwords for the state fire systems displayed on the wall, next to the system’s URL. Or the retail store with passwords to all of the store systems underneath the keyboard.
“The antithesis of that: I encourage customers to think about that information they think is so critical to their enterprise, how would they protect it with a 4-digit PIN?” he says. “Again, that leads into the discussion of machine learning and AI.”
It means shifting the burden off of the user, reducing friction on the front end, and putting security control on the back end, where it belongs.
There are a huge number of tools that cover everything from fraud to identity assurance, Ducharme says, but before you even consider tools, determining assurance levels is the first place to start.
“I used to use the example of our former president at RSA, Amit Yoran,” he says. “He always used to wear a black shirt and black pants. I said, if you think about it, our security team knows it’s Amit when he walks in. They do some recognition. There’s information about what he’s wearing that gives us the assurance it’s him. In an enterprise setting, I encourage folks to look at that as well.”
Step one, get out of your silo and look across the organization at sources of information that allow you to make a decision about how to tell if a person is who they say they are. Look at your data and applications and determine who is supposed to have access, and what would make it strange for them to be there. What would give you the assurance a user is who they say they are, this is what they should be doing, and if they’re doing it right?
It’s behaviorally based, he explains, and starts with something as simple as the devices they’re using, the locations that they’re coming from, and the networks they’re on. From there, go to behavioral patterns: Let’s take a look at Jim’s behavior and see if this is consistent with his previous patterns.
If Sally, tomorrow, logged into the system from St. Petersburg, Russia, would that raise an eyebrow? What else would raise an eyebrow? What if Sally showed up with a mustache? What if Amit showed up in a three-piece suit?
There are also three different dimensions to consider: identity assurance, access assurance, and activity assurance. Identity assurance is, do we know this person is who they claim to be: Is it Jim? Access assurance is, do we understand what he has access to: What can Jim do? Let’s say Jim is a developer. Should he have access to production systems? Jim’s a bank teller. Should he have access to the full vault?
Then there’s activity assurance. Is Jim doing what Jim should be doing? Is it normal for Jim to download every customer record?
It’s not just information that makes you raise your eyebrow, but information that would give you more certainty or assurance that that person is who they say they are.
“Those are all the things you want to feed into that contextual-based AI and machine learning algorithm,” he says. “You’ll start making these connections across your enterprise, and that’s going to be the fuel that feeds your AI and machine learning engine.”
This step is essential, even as just a thought experiment, he adds. These problems need to be thought about in new ways, and approached with a different mindset, or it’s too easy to fall back on patterns of defining the static policies that got you in trouble in the first place. A static control that says if a transaction is over $50,000, you throw up an identity challenge just means the fraudsters will rob you 20 cents at a time, 250,000 times.
Initiating an AI-powered cybersecurity strategy really is as easy as that, he says.
“The biggest barrier to AI and machine learning is that it’s not the black magic that people think it is,” says Ducharme. “It’s complicated, but it’s approachable. Otherwise we’ll be living with these horrible passwords and messes like that for a while.”
To learn more about planning and launching a 21st-century cybersecurity strategy, what cybersecurity specialists need to know about the tools and infrastructure required to add AI and machine learning to their security mix and more, don’t miss this VB Live event!
Don’t miss out!
 
More speakers to be announced soon!
Just over eight months after one of Uber’s self-driving cars 
 in Tempe, Arizona, Pennsylvania’s Department of Transportation has given the company the green light to redeploy its fleet in Pittsburgh, the city where its Advanced Technologies Group — the division responsible for the bulk of its driverless vehicle research — is primarily based.
 earlier today reported that the agency had approved Uber’s petition to resume driverless tests, which it submitted in November, and a spokesperson confirmed some of the details in the report to 
 this afternoon. Uber added that it hadn’t yet begun the tests, however.
The Pennsylvania DOT issued new guidelines in July asking companies to submit details about their driverless systems testing. Only after plans are approved will it send “authorization letters,” it said at the time. Uber received its letter this week.
When the tests do resume, they’ll be at a significantly reduced scale. The company told the 
 this month that its cars will operate on a mile-long route between two of its offices in Pittsburgh and will travel no faster than 25 miles per hour. They’ll also stay off the road in rainy weather and at night.
Following the March crash, Uber halted self-driving tests in San Francisco, Toronto, and Pittsburgh shortly after Arizona governor Doug Ducey 
 the company from deploying cars in the state. More recently, it let go 100 of its autonomous vehicle operators, although it’s encouraging them to apply for new “mission specialist” jobs in Pittsburgh.
Uber started 
 fleets of self-driving cars in the city late this summer, albeit with their autonomous systems disabled. In a 
 published in June, Eric Meyhofer, head of the Advanced Technologies Group, detailed newly implemented safeguards, such as a second set of employees responsible for documenting “notable events,” a training program focused on safe manual driving, and aftermarket monitoring systems that sound an alarm and alert a remote monitor if a driver takes their eyes off the road.
The improvements came after the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) determined that Uber had disabled the automatic emergency braking system in the Volvo XC90 involved in May’s fatal crash. (In internal documents, the company said it was to “reduce the potential for erratic vehicle behavior.”) The NTSB also found that the car’s perception system detected the victim about six seconds before impact but didn’t determine emergency braking was needed until 1.3 seconds before impact.
According to a separate report from the 
a former Uber manager raised concerns about the driverless cars’ road readiness in an email sent days before the accident
In a voluntary safety assessment filed with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, Uber said that with a separate systems engineering testing team, it’s better positioned “to reason over many possible outcomes to ultimately come to a safe response” and will in the coming months form a self-driving safety advisory board of outside experts.
“At Uber, we believe that technology has the power to make transportation more efficient, accessible, and safer than ever before,” Meyhofer wrote.”Self-driving technology has the potential to make these benefits an everyday reality for our customers, but it’s not going to happen overnight. Building best-in-class self-driving technology will take time, and safety is our priority every step of the way.”
Uber is 
 seeking to restart testing in San Francisco and perform new manually driven road tests in Toronto.
The video game industry in the United States was flat year-over-year in November, according to industry-tracking firm 
. U.S. consumers spent $2.693 billion on hardware, software, and accessories. In November 2017, that number was $2.706 billion. Overall, the month was still strong considering it had a tough comparison to last year.
“Gains in hardware, accessories and game card spending were offset by a decline in software due to the shift of the launch Call of Duty into the October month,” NPD analyst Mat Piscatella said. “Year-to-date spending across video game hardware, software, accessories and game cards has grown 16 percent when compared to the same period a year ago, to $13.2 billion. This is the highest year-to-date total spend achieved since the $13.9 billion achieved between January and November 2010.”
Hardware continues to grow as more people jump onto the Xbox One X, PlayStation 4, and Nintendo Switch. And new games like Battlefield V and Fallout 76 both performed well — although they are both existing in the shadows of bigger games.
Let’s do the software charts.
November’s top 20 is most notable for once again proving how October’s strength. The top two games on this chart were the two major releases from last month. And one of those was Call of Duty, which has traditionally debuted in November. Its earlier release instead left a gaping hole in what is traditionally one of the biggest months of the year.
“Dollar sales of console, portable and PC games software totaled $1 billion in November 2018, declining 15 percent when compared to a year ago,” said Piscatella. “The shift in launch timing for Call of Duty from November to October is the driver of the change.”
But continued strong sales for Call of Duty and Red Dead kept November from looking like a catastrophe. And 2018 is still looking like a major expansion in game-related spending in the United States.
“Year-to-date dollar sales of console, portable and PC games software exceeded $5.8 billion, a 9 percent increase over the same time period last year,” said Piscatella. “This is the highest year-to-date total for software spending since the $7 billion achieved in the year-to-date 2011 comparable period.”
But the big winner of the month was Red Dead Redemption II. It debuted October 26, and it carried its sales momentum through November. It still hasn’t taken over Call of Duty as the best-selling game of 2018, but Black Ops 4 debuted about two weeks earlier.
But Rockstar’s cowboy sim has certainly outperformed its predecessor.
“Red Dead Redemption 2 is the best-selling game of November 2018 and is the 2nd best-selling game year-to-date,” said Piscatella. “With two months in market, sales of Red Dead Redemption 2 now exceed the lifetime sales of the previous title in the franchise, Red Dead Redemption, by nearly 40 percent.”
But Call of Duty has still outsold Red Dead year-to-date. The NPD Group doesn’t track Call of Duty’s digital PC sales, though.
“Call of Duty: Black Ops 4 is the second best-selling game of November,” said Piscatella. “It remains the best-selling game year to date.”
But going beyond the comparison to Red Dead, Black Ops 4 is reaching some near-historic numbers.
“Call of Duty: Black Ops 4 is the second fastest selling game on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One in history, trailing only 2017’s Call of Duty: WWII,” said Piscatella. “This is the fifth consecutive year, and ninth time in the last 10 years, that a title from the Call of Duty franchise has been the best-selling game over the January through November time period.”
While Fallout  76 continues to face backlash from fans who aren’t happy with it, they still showed up to buy the game.
“Fallout 76 is the fourth best-selling game of November, despite digital not being reported for Bethesda Softworks published titles,” said Piscatella. “Fallout 76 physical sales achieved the third highest launch month sales in franchise history, trailing only Fallout 4 and Fallout New Vegas.”
Of course, Nintendo also launched new Pokémon games in November, and they broke into the top 10.
“Pokémon: Let’s Go Pikachu and Pokémon: Let’s Go Eevee are the No. 5 and No. 6 best-selling games of November, respectively,” said Piscatella. “Launch month sales of Pokémon: Let’s Go Pikachu are the second highest in franchise history, trailing only Pokéman Stadium, which launched on the Nintendo 64 in the March 2000 tracking period.”
It’s important to note that Nintendo doesn’t share digital sales with NPD, so the game should likely be higher on the list. Additionally, if you combine both Pikachu and Eevee, that single game would likely place higher on the sales chart.
Please note that Pokémon: Let’s Go sales totals include only physical sales, as digital sales are not currently reported for Nintendo published titles.
“Spyro Reignited Trilogy is the No. 9 best-selling game of November,” said Piscatella. “The launch month dollar sales of Spyro Reignited Trilogy are more than 30 percent higher than the combined launch month sales of all other Spyro games in history.”
That doesn’t include Skylanders, which started as a Spyro spinoff.
Finally, Sony’s big game from earlier in 2018 returned to the charts this month.
“God of War returns to the monthly top 20 best-sellers list for the first time since August, ranking as the No. 16 best-selling game of November,” said Piscatella. “It is currently the No. 7 best-selling game year-to-date.”
Spyro the Dragon has some fire left in him. Spyro Reignited Trilogy was the No. 9 best-selling game in the U.S. in November, according to industry-tracking firm The NPD Group. Reignited Trilogy’s launch month dollar sales were 30 percent higher than the launch month sales for all over Spyro games … combined. That doesn’t include the spinoff 
 series, the toys-to-life franchise that started as a Spyro tie-in before distancing itself from the purple dragon in favor of establishing its own brand. Aside from Skylanders and not counting Reignited Trilogy, the Spyro series has had 10 games.
Spyro Reignited Trilogy came out for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One on November 13. It contains remakes of the original three Spyro games, which came out for the PlayStation in 1998, 1999, and 2000. 
 praised the new graphics and timeless quality of the 3D platforming.
Spyro now joins Crash Bandicoot as an old gaming brand reinvigorated by a remake collection. 
 came out in 2017 and sold over 2.5 million copies by September 2017. Like with Reignited Trilogy, the Crash collection included remakes of the series’ three games from the PlayStation era.
Crash Team Racing is the next classic PlayStation game to get the remake. 
 is coming out on June 21 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Switch.
November was another big month for video game hardware. Nintendo Switch outsold the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One in terms of dollar sales, 
.
But this wasn’t just a win for Nintendo. It turns out that all three major systems came away feeling good from the Thanksgiving holidays. For instance, PlayStation 4 was the top-selling console by units.
“For the first time in history, three console platforms achieved more than 1 million units sold in a November month, as the Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One each generated over 1.3 million unit sales,” NPD analyst Mat Piscatella said. “It is only the second time in history any three platforms achieved more than 1 million units sold in a November period. The first occurred in November 2010, when the Nintendo DS, Wii, and Xbox 360 achieved the feat.”
But while sales were strong for all platforms, only the Nintendo Switch saw year-over-year growth in dollar sales.
“Hardware spending in November 2018 grew 3 percent when compared to a year ago, to $3.9 billion,” said Piscatella. “Significant growth in Nintendo Switch spending offset declines in spending experienced across all other platforms.”
But the decline in hardware sales year-over-year in November was likely due to Call of Duty launching in October. People who would buy a new system to play the new Call of Duty did that last month. And you can see that reflected in the results from 2018 so far.
“For the 2018 year-to-date period, hardware spending has increased 14 percent, to $3.9 billion,” said Piscatella. “Spending gains for Xbox One, Switch, PlayStation 4, and Plug N Play devices such as the NES Classic Edition and SNES Classic Edition have driven growth.”
Augmented reality is taking firm root in the market. The launch last year of mobile AR platforms, 
, all but guaranteed mass reach as an imminent certainty and, just earlier this month, SuperData Research announced that the mobile AR market had officially 
.
The positive trend flows upward in tandem alongside heavy traction among Fortune 1000 companies that continue to 
 as consistently increasing productivity and safety levels by streamlining workflows for a wide variety of manual tasks. In fact, enterprise AR is an scorching space as early-adopting sectors like automotive and airlines transition passed experimental tinkering and onto mainstream implementation that will only keep on spreading across their business lines through 2019.
However, all of this traction will start to plateau if AR apps, services, and experiences continue to be bound behind walled gardens like the app store model, which in and of itself cannot help but constipate the immersive tech. For instance, however much a boon it is, mobile AR as a platform can generally only offer isolated, solitary, experiences that will seldom result in the kind of critical use cases that will encourage and sustain frequent and lasting usage.
To enable AR to proliferate like wildfire, the ecosystem needs to be bolstered by new underpinnings that are devoid of the influence of old rulebooks on what universal freedoms AR should be afforded to enjoy. It needs an infrastructure that allows the AR ecosystem to evolve and expand into a tapestry of interconnection that, on the one hand, weaves it all together, and, on the other, infuses meaning into every object in the real-world, so that our living and physical reality becomes the gateway.
Indeed, if you haven’t yet heard of the “AR Cloud”, it’s time to take serious notice. The term was coined by Ori Inbar, an AR entrepreneur and investor who founded 
. It is, in his words, “a persistent 3D digital copy of the real world to enable sharing of AR experiences across multiple users and devices.”
Such a 
 represents a digital doppelganger of the physical terrain all around us at 1:1 scale that becomes, by one apt analogy, the 
, or as Chris McAlorum, product lead at the national mapping authority for Northern Ireland, described it back in June, as the “
”. It encapsulates everything, inanimate or in motion, in its augmented wake, running in parallel to our living reality in real-time.
“With the AR Cloud, the how-to-use of every object, the history of any place, the background of any person — will be found right there — on the thing itself.” Inbar wrote in his 
 last year.
Daniel Sproll, cofounder and CXO at 
, describes the AR Cloud’s future potential along the lines of the science fiction novel 
 by Lavie Tidhar, in which the world is “completely permeated with technology but a technology that became so transparent that it stopped being seen technology.” We do seem to be headed that way, and fast, as featured in the latest episode (“Analog Boy”) of the short film, “Glimpse” by 
, where when the protagonist’s AR smart contact lenses malfunction, the real-world, suddenly deprived of its digital wizardry, is rendered back into blank canvases.
The AR Cloud allows the real, physical, world and all of the otherwise mundane objects scattered throughout it to animate seamlessly with meaning and imagination, and AR itself becomes the interface that allows us to intuitively navigate the new layers of reality. It is a unifying infrastructure, without which, all of the fragmented platforms, devices, content are left relatively unhinged, continuously fated to live out a half-life that is needlessly short, all because in its absence, they are not afforded essential and critical capabilities like precise and persistent shareability.
“ARKit, AR Core and other AR platforms can certainly be part of the overall AR Cloud future. These platforms are essential for the most optimal AR experience on a given device (mapping and tracking an area or space).” Inbar told me in an email. “Other parts of the AR Cloud will take care of cross platform experience (which e.g. ARKit won’t do), as well as persistence of content (which the big players will probably be slow to provide).”
As a strong advocate of the web as the preferred platform for catalyzing mainstream adoption of spatial computing, I am also excited on the role that the upcoming 
 will play as the AR Cloud’s most natural ally. The JavaScript API that allows you to develop and load both VR and AR experiences, the full spectrum of spatial computing, with just your web browser, shares all of the qualities and values of the AR Cloud, like interoperability across all platforms and maximum accessibility.
“The 
 will provide a common platform on which to develop massive scale AR Cloud applications that do not require specific hardware tied to it. The flexibility of web experiences through 
 can exponentially grow the access to the AR Cloud while at the same time unify platform fragmentation caused by different hardware and form factors.” said Diego Gonzalez-Zuniga, a developer advocate for Samsung R&D UK. “This, combined with upcoming reduction in latency and higher bandwidth that 5G will bring, positions the WebXR API as an elegant, scalable and key fundamental layer for AR Cloud experiences in the very near future.”
But such a shared platform invariably entails building out a grand infrastructure with so many moving pieces that, aside from being borne on the shoulders of at least one of the major titans of industry, would otherwise serve as too large-scale an undertaking to expect to roll-out anytime soon. Thankfully, Inbar has forced the issue by rallying together nothing short of an army of small(er) players to form under the banner of the “
”, an organization tasked to connect and coordinate the grassroots effort to build out the ecosystem.
“Open AR Cloud plans to be the go-to place for all those who want to contribute to a great future for spatial computing.” said Jan-Erik Vinje, Co-founder and Managing Director of Open AR Cloud. “Together we can work proactively from the very beginning to start building an Open AR Cloud ecosystem founded on principles of interoperability between platforms, solutions, services, apps, and content as well as developing industry guidelines and practical solutions promoting high ethical standards for the protection of privacy, freedom, and safety of users and the society.”
Vinje says that we are likely just months away from the arrival of the first wave of mainstream commercials apps that leverage AR Cloud tech, which is timely since the industry is in urgent need of the kind of standardization that it offers across all platforms and tools. Its ongoing absence has resulted in the current 
 in the space like Blippar that are struggling to keep their heads afloat amid the rapid rate of change and resulting hyper-fragmentation in the industry.
“When this happens I predict it will make the power and potential of a precise and persistent real-world connection a no-brainer for millions upon millions of people around the world.” Vinje told me.
Cybersecurity firm 
 said that the cybercriminal underworld is generating 480 new threats per minute. That’s one of the details in the new 
.
McAfee reported that internet of things malware was up 73 percent in the third quarter, while cryptocurrency mining malware was up 71 percent, even as the value of many cryptocurrencies have declined. Meanwhile, the ripple effect of the 2017 takedowns of Hansa and AlphaBay dark web markets continued as entrepreneurial cybercriminals took new measures to evade law enforcement.
“Cybercriminals are eager to weaponize vulnerabilities both new and old, and the number of services now available on underground markets has dramatically increased their effectiveness,” said Christiaan Beek, lead scientist at McAfee, in a statement. “As long as ransoms are paid and relatively easy attacks, such as phishing campaigns, are successful, bad actors will continue to use these techniques. Following up-and-coming trends on the underground markets and hidden forums allow the cybersecurity community to defend against current attacks and stay a step ahead of those in our future.”
McAfee said new mobile malware decreased 24 percent. The financial sector data breaches increased 20 percent in the third quarter. Spam botnets are spewing “sextortion” claims, where they threaten to reveal a victim’s web browsing habits. And new ransomware increased 10 percent in Q3, even as unique ransomware families continue to decline.
Each quarter, McAfee assesses the state of the cyber threat landscape based on research, investigative analysis, and threat data gathered by the McAfee Global Threat Intelligence cloud from over a billion sensors across multiple threat vectors around the world.
Above: McAfee logo
In an effort to evade law enforcement and build trust directly with customers, some entrepreneurial cybercriminals have shifted away from using larger markets to sell their goods and have begun creating their own specialized shops. This shift has sparked a new line of business for website designers offering to build hidden marketplaces for aspiring shady business owners.
“Cybercriminals are very opportunistic in nature,” said John Fokker, head of cybercriminal investigations at McAfee, in a statement. “The cyberthreats we face today once began as conversations on hidden forums and grew into products and services available on underground markets. Additionally, the strong brands we see emerging offer a lot to cybercriminals: higher infection rates, and both operational and financial security.”
Hacker forums provide an elusive space for cybercriminals to discuss cybercrime-related topics with their peers. McAfee researchers witnessed conversations around the following topics in Q3:
Above: Drilling down on Q3 cyber threats.
IoT devices such as cameras or video recorders have not typically been used for cryptomining because they lack the processing power of desktop and laptop computers. However, cybercriminals have taken notice of the growing volume and lax security of many IoT devices and have begun to focus on them, harnessing thousands of devices to create a mining supercomputer.
New malware targeting IoT devices grew 203 percent in the past four quarters. New coinmining malware grew nearly 55 percent, with total malware growing 4,467 percent in the past four quarters.
New JavaScript malware grew 45 percent, while new PowerShell malware grew 24 percent.
McAfee Labs counted 215 publicly disclosed security incidents, a decrease of 12 percent from Q2.
Disclosed incidents targeting financial institutions rose 20 percent, as McAfee researchers observed an increase in spam campaigns leveraging uncommon file types, an effort to increase chances of evading basic email protections. McAfee researchers also observed banking malware include two-factor operations in web injects to evade two-factor authentication. These tactics follow a broad effort on the part of financial institutions to increase security in recent years.
Disclosed incidents targeting health care remained stagnant, public sector decreased 2 percent, and education sector decreased 14 percent.
McAfee researchers observed a new malware family, CamuBot, targeting Brazil in Q3. CamuBot attempts to camouflage itself as a security module required by the financial institutions it targets. Although organized cyber gangs in Brazil are very active in targeting their own population, their campaigns have been crude in the past. With CamuBot, Brazilian cybercriminals appear to have learned from their peers, adapting their malware to be more sophisticated and comparable to that on other continents.
Disclosed incidents targeting the Americas fell 18 percent, Asia-Pacific fell 22 percent, and Europe increased 38 percent.
Malware led disclosed attack vectors, followed by account hijacking, leaks, unauthorized access, and vulnerabilities.
GandCrab, one of the most active families of the quarter, increased its required ransom payment to $2,400 from $1,000. Exploit kits, the delivery vehicles for many cyberattacks, added support for vulnerabilities and ransomware. New ransomware samples grew 10 percent, and total ransomware samples grew 45 percent over the past four quarters.
New mobile malware decreased by 24 percent. Despite the downward trend, some unusual mobile threats appeared, including a fake Fortnite “cheat” app and a fake dating app. Targeting members of the Israel Defense Forces, the latter app allowed access to device location, contact list, and camera and had the ability to listen to phone calls.
New malware samples increased by 53 percent. The total number of malware samples grew 34 percent in the past four quarters.
New Mac OS malware samples increased by 9 percent. Total Mac OS malware grew 51 percent over the past four quarters.
New macro malware increased by 32 percent, growing 24 percent over the past four quarters.
Some 53 percent of spam botnet traffic in Q3 was driven by Gamut, the top spam-producing botnet spewing “sextortion” scams, which demand payment and threaten to reveal victim browsing habits.
In August 2016 IMAX Chief B.D. Officer Rob Lister 
 for the company’s VR plans. He envisioned a world in which the latest blockbusters would be accompanied by VR ‘companion pieces’, which moviegoers could see alongside the film for a slightly higher price. He name-dropped movies like Avatar 2 and directors such as Christopher Nolan, saying they would give creators VR cameras to shoot this content. Like the traditional IMAX experience, the company wanted to create high-end movies that gave you a reason to visit theaters.
Nearly two and a half years on, 
.
Following a sheepish roll out in 2017, IMAX spent the latter half of 2018 slowly dismantling its handful of global locations. Despite a positive reaction from customers, the company had already expressed disappointment in the numbers of visitors it had managed to attract. By November, it was down to 
 it had initially opened. The writing had been on the wall for some time.
But how can other location-based VR businesses even hope to succeed if a giant like IMAX can fail?
To me, this is a cautionary tale in the importance of creating a focused vision for location-based VR. IMAX may have had grand plans, but a failure to deliver on them as well as some questionable partnerships, mixed messaging and an underwhelming content selection led to the death of its VR dream.
Of the 17 experiences currently listed on 
, at least 13 can be seen at home. None of them tie into Avatar 2, none of them are directed by Christopher Nolan. The site’s featured image (seen above) teases a multiplayer lightsaber battle akin to Star Wars: The Force Awakens but the corresponding app is really the two-year-old Trials on Tatooine demo, which lasts for 10 minutes and is free to download on Steam. The sole ‘made for IMAX’ experience is a 
 that you can also get at home.
IMAX made it clear that these initial centers were experimental launches as part of a pilot program to test the waters, but it never really backed them up with the content to support them. Over the past two years, location-based ‘competitor’ (if there is such a thing at this stage of the market) The Void created buzz with original bleeding-edge Ghostbusters, 
 and, yes, 
 that generated headlines even before they were even launched. Dave and Buster’s $5 Jurassic World experience has been a hugely successful launch for the company while Dreamscape Immersive is now rolling out an 
 with its own original content. Elsewhere, Spaces lets you paste your own face 
. IMAX, meanwhile, did run eSports-style tournaments, but these relied on the same content it was already offering.
Above: Rabbids might be even more silly/frightening in VR.
Much of these company’s successes and hopes are down to/pinned on originality, exclusivity and IP, but hardware is a factor too. The Void’s tech allows up to four people to enter the same space, wave to each other as Stormtroopers, and then physically walk through a series of rooms. IMAX, meanwhile, never made the ‘experience’ side of its offerings clear. It initially partnered with StarVR, a company 
, but ended up largely favoring the HTC Vive. It offered you the same experience you can have in your home; there was no exciting glimpse of the future or major IP for fans to rally behind.
Alongside StarVR’s troubles, Google put a nail in the IMAX VR coffin when it canceled plans for a VR camera the two were developing together. That put the breaks on the cinematic VR experiences IMAX had once touted and 
. I suspect it may have been a different story if, this Christmas, IMAX VR was showing tie-in experiences for Into The Spider-Verse, Mortal Engines or Creed II, but we’ll never know.
Developments like this paint a picture of a plan that perhaps jumped the gun; suddenly IMAX was left with little more than glorified arcades and none of the support that we’d previously been told would help it revolutionize the cinema experiences. IMAX launched its VR centers before the experiences to draw people in were really there, and that may have been its most fatal mistake.
I can’t help but wonder what would’ve become of IMAX VR had things gone differently. High-profile tie-ins are exciting for sure, but it’s easy to envision hiked ticket prices leading it down the path of 3D cinema. As it is, though, IMAX VR’s short life teaches us the importance of focus in the location-based VR scene. It’s not enough to just offer a HTC Vive running the same games you can play at home, at least at the scale IMAX wanted to achieve. You need to give people an experience they can’t get inside their own headsets. IMAX said it was going to do that. Perhaps if it had been a little more patient, it would have.
So long, Odd Paladin and Shudderwock Shaman. These popular 
 decks should be far less powerful once the next wave of nerfs come to Blizzard’s digital card game later today.
Hearthstone is the king of the 
. It has over 100 million registered players. Constant updates can help keep those fans happy (and the more people playing Hearthstone, the more money Blizzard can potentially make with sales of card packs).
A wave of nerfs usually comes during the midpoint of an expansion cycle, but Hearthstone’s last set (Rastakhan’s Rumble) just released earlier this month. “We’ve opted to make these changes earlier in the expansion cycle than we normally consider; we’d like to hear your feedback on the timing of this update, in addition to what you think of all the individual card changes,” Blizzard noted in a blog post detailing the nerfs. You can find the post and the full list of card changes 
.
Despite the release of the new expansion, some popular deck archetypes have dominated Hearthstone for most of the year. This includes Odd Paladin, which forces its players to only use cards that cost odd mana numbers. It’s the 
, a tool that tracks decks people play, and the top Odd Paladin deck has a 62 percent winrate. One of its best card, Level Up, is now going to cost 6 mana instead of 5. This will make it no longer eligible for Odd Paladin.
Above: Level Up.
Shudderwock Shaman is a deck that uses Battlecry effects of other cards to plan for a turn that can kill an opponent instantly. This combo revolved around Saronite Chain Gang and its Battlecry, which summons a copy of a minion. The Battlecry is now more restrictive. It specifically only summons another Saronite Chain Gang. This means you can’t play a 
 and have it create more Shudderwocks anymore. 
, and a number of players find it annoying to play against.
Above: Saronite Chain Gang.
Kingsbane Rouge is also getting nerfed. The deck has players using cards to empower the legendary weapon 
, which retains buffs and shuffles into your deck once it’s broken. This can give players infinite value, especially when the Leeching Poison card gives the weapon Lifesteal, meaning it heals for the damage it deals. Now Leeching Poison will only give a weapon Lifesteal for a single turn (although it will now cost only 1 mana instead of 2). Kingsbane is the 
 (sensing a theme here?), and it’s been annoying Wild players in a Mill deck (its win condition is to stall the game while making your opponent draw all its cards to fatigue, where they then take damage for each additional card draw effect).
Above: Leeching Poison.
The other nerfs target core Druid cards Wild Growth and Nourish. These cards give the class the ability to ramp their mana, making it possible to play expensive cards earlier than other classes. Both cards will now cost 1 more mana. Druid has been host to powerful deck archetypes for most of Hearthstone’s existence, and Wild Growth and Nourish are must-plays 
. Nerfing these cards, which will never rotate out of Standard game modes as they’re part of the Basic and Classic sets, should give the class a needed power decline.
Above: Wild Growth.
Above: Nourish.
These changes should make the way for newer deck archetypes to shine, and those decks will hopefully use more cards from the latest expansion.
WESTMINSTER, Colo.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–December 23, 2018–
      SolderWorks LLC today announced that it has reached a definitive       agreement to acquire SmartSource Management (SSM), a Denver-based       technology consulting firm founded in 2006 with a strong client base in       the semiconductor manufacturing and wine-making industries.    
      SolderWorks founder Rich Walsh stated that, “Hardware is the new       software. We believe that this acquisition adds critical know-how and       expertise that will help SolderWorks scale its SpikeLabs offering by       adding innovative consulting services. SSM is a company with talent that       can deliver business value quickly and keep pace with the fast-growing       IoT and Industry 4.0 sectors.”    
      With this acquisition, SolderWorks continues down their roadmap adding       valuable partnerships and services to an ecosystem that provides for       innovation to be realized quickly. “Delivering innovative solutions that       are hardware-based is a new frontier. Building, deploying and       maintaining them requires a mature, experienced process,” Walsh adds.       “That’s why this move to acquire SmartSource is so essential.”    
      Brandon Vogt, the General Manager of SSM states, “We are very excited to       become a part of SolderWorks. We have always operated like a factory and       believe our methodical approach will help mature how innovation is       delivered tomorrow.”    
      
    
      SolderWorks is a state-of-the-art innovation lab designed to accelerate       ideas from thought to thing. SolderWorks mission is to support the next       wave of innovation by providing an ecosystem where entrepreneurial       visionaries, corporate labs, and industry partnerships create agile       economies. SolderWorks is the place where tomorrow’s innovations are       created.    
      
    
      SmartSource Management (SSM) is a Denver-based technology consulting       firm that specializes in delivering digital business value through       process automation, system integrations, enhanced user experience       applications, and commerce solutions. SSM’s client base encompasses a       wide range of industries from large semiconductor companies,       wine-industry leaders, and big data SaaS companies.    
      Related Links    
      
    
      Media and Investor Contact
Rich Walsh
(720) 379-1731
    
Winning is always a big deal — but especially when you commemorate it as a star-studded, month-long event in South Korea the way League of Legends did with the 2018 World Championships.
From October 1 to November 3, cities all over South Korea hosted events that drew enormous crowds. The viewers didn’t stop there, however. Hundreds of millions also tuned in via social video, too, as evidenced by the huge uptick in views from League of Legends’ channels.
Gaming brands and media continue to grow via social video as the demand for related content also soars by the month. To keep tabs on the growing space, GamesBeat has partnered with social video analytics company Tubular Labs to bring you a monthly chart looking at the top gaming brand and media video creators. Tubular Labs measures video content published by public channels/pages from major social video platforms. Performance metrics like views and engagements reflect the respective platforms’ definitions of them.
As mentioned, the 2018 World Championships led to League of Legends’ big increase in overall social video views, from a combined 123 million across platforms in October to 252 million in November. That surge was led by K/DA’s “POP/STARS,” a song (and band) created to help promote League of Legends’ new character skin. The group includes real K-pop artists from (G)I-dle, and the YouTube video premiere picked up over 120 million views, with a V3 score (views in the first three days after publishing) of 30.2 million.
The World Championships themselves also received plenty of eyeballs during the month of November. K/DA’s “POP/STARS” performance during the Opening Ceremony generated nearly 16 million views on YouTube, and the behind-the-scenes look at the music video’s choreography had another 6.1 million.
While 
 is based in the United States, just 20.3 percent of its social video audience comes from the country. That does still lead the way, however, with Brazil, Germany, Mexico, and Poland rounding out the top five.
Elsewhere, IGN may have fallen from the top spot on the monthly leaderboard, but it didn’t move very far — dropping just one spot to No. 2. The company’s most popular new content for the month revolved around the surprising popularity of the “Detective Pikachu” movie trailer, which earned 11.2 million views on IGN’s Facebook page. Four of the top five videos were about either “Detective Pikachu” or the new Lion King live-action film. The rest of November’s top videos revolved around reviews of some of the holiday season’s top gaming titles like Super Smash Bros. Ultimate, Pokémon: Let’s Go, and Fallout 76, among others.
Gamology — The Best of Gaming and Gamespot fared similarly while finishing third and fourth on the month, respectively. Gamology’s most-viewed new video was its own posting of the “Detective Pikachu” trailer. For Gamespot, content came from videos around titles like Super Smash Bros. Ultimate, League of Legends, Overwatch, and Red Dead Redemption 2.
Fortnite dropped to sixth overall (from third in October) while focusing social videos primarily on new NFL team skins. The Epic Games property continued a strong Instagram push, making for its fifth straight month with at least 20 million views on the platform.
In the push up to and through Black Friday and Cyber Monday, Nintendo and PlayStation were both very busy promoting titles coming out for their popular consoles. Super Smash Bros. Ultimate dropped on December 7 for Nintendo Switch, and the brand was happy to remind fans to get pre-orders in. Seven of Nintendo’s top 15 videos in November were about Super Smash Bros., with the top two accumulating over 3.7 million views a piece.
Fresh off the high of RDR2’s release the previous month, PlayStation leaned on the holiday Playstation Classic release, and its new Astro C40 TR controller for the PS4. The brand also had its busiest month on Instagram since June, with 6.7 million views there (with nearly 60 million total).
 is CEO of the Consumer Technology Association, the trade group that puts on tech’s biggest trade show: 
. Another big show is coming in a couple of weeks, and for the third time Shapiro is showing up with a new book, this one dubbed 
.
Running the CTA and CES gives Shapiro a unique perch. This year, the trade show will cover more than 2.8 million square feet of exhibit space, a new record for CES. Total attendance is expected to reach over 180,000, compared to the audited number of 182,198 in 2018. International attendance will be more than 60,000, compared to 63,784 last year. There will be more than 25 marketplaces, covering everything from robotics to drones. The number of exhibitors is expected to be over 4,500, and the number of startups in the Eureka Park section of the show is expected to top 1,100. All of which is to say it should be a good year.
Shapiro’s view of the tech landscape inspired him to write about how companies need to move fast, spot trends, embrace diversity, and deal with rapid changes and disruptions. He teamed up with CTA communications director to write a guide to help executives and government leaders navigate the future. The book outlines strategies for success and gave us a jumping off point for talking about technology, CES, and our own personal interests in what the future will bring.
Here’s an edited transcript of our interview.
Above: Gary Shapiro, CEO of the Consumer Technology Association, has written three books on the tech landscape.
 This is my third. It’s the second in the Ninja series. The last Ninja book did so well that the publisher wanted another one. The last book was focused more on what I learned from successful businesspeople. This is more about technology and the future and where things are going. It does, as you’ve seen, contain a lot of personal stories, but it also focuses on areas of likely and certain technology, like AI, robots, health care, AR/VR, blockchain, and self-driving. It’s aimed at people who want to understand where technology is going so they can do better, whether it’s people in government, in companies, or just starting businesses to live their lives.
For someone like you who already knows about all this stuff, a couple of chapters are going to be like, “Well, so what?” But as you go further into the book there’s more personal thoughts, and what government should be doing. Because of who we are and what we do, globally and in the U.S., we’re often in a position of critiquing and helping governments and saying, “If you want to be innovative, this is what you have to do.”
 If you get to the very end, I tell the truth about Rachel Horn [CTA communications director]. She’s the one who came to me and said, “You’ve written all these op-eds. There’s a book here.” I said, “I have a thousand ideas, but I don’t have a book idea.” She said, “Let me put something together based on what you’ve written and organize it.” She created the first draft, if you want to know the truth. But then there’s a lot of stuff we supplemented with, personal stories and so on.
There’s stuff that’s been published as articles in there, which we have permission to do, and then a lot that was added, personal stories and wrapping. Numerous people put their hands on it. In the policy world I probably let in a few too many people, because it got more idealistic than I wanted it to.
Above: The Ninja Future is about moving fast in an innovative world.
 When I wrote my second book, I found out that a lot of people who waited in line for an autograph, they’d read the first book and they talked about how it influenced their lives. They went to school or quit their job or did all this stuff. That encouraged me to write the third book. I’d learned that it really affected people. What I look forward to at CES, when I do the first signings, is hearing from people about how the second book affected to them. I talk in a lot of places around the world, so it’s nice to have a book. Rachel also convinced me that we have to go to Davos, so we’re going to Davos.
 My grandmother had [Alzheimers] for 13 years before she passed away. Honestly, by the end it was a relief. I’ve had memory issues my whole life, and I’ve dealt with that. But if you haven’t checked out how music can impact people–you don’t really know that someone has Alzheimer’s until they die and then they can look at the brain. But it doesn’t really matter, whether it’s severe dementia or Alzheimer’s. But with Alzheimer’s, at least, if you play them music, you’ll be shocked.
That’s one of the most important things in the book, to me. If you can help anyone do that, it changes their life. If you watch the documentary, “
,” it’s really helpful. It matters. Honestly, there are some provinces and states that are now paying for iPods to be loaded up with music. There’s only one drug, and it barely does anything. It’s expensive as can be. I’m hoping there can be some breakthroughs with Alzheimer’s. It’s a very cruel disease. It’s a cause a lot of us adopted here. Our CFO and COO is on the board of one of the Alzheimer’s groups. I’ve been supporting a different one. But there’s nothing–there’s no real breakthroughs at this point.
In terms of technology–I make this a personal cause. Facial recognition, to me, is not only good for preventing crime, as is done in London. I know there are privacy implications. But for people like me–the reason I’m in the trade show world, honestly, is you have to wear a badge. I can tell who you are by looking at you. I also have a lot of insecurity in that area, to be honest.
You don’t need to work in marketing to know that getting a website to the top of 
 is hands-down one of the most important things you can do in order to grow your business. Whether you’re trying to appeal to new customers, sell more products, or generate more clicks, having a top Google rating is an absolute must.
But relying on antiquated and increasingly ineffective HTML tactics and keyword placements won’t get you to where you need to be. 
 is a streamlined and innovative service that will launch your site to the top of Google’s coveted search results, and the price of a lifetime subscription has just been dropped from $29 to $19.99 — over 95 percent off MSRP.
Regardless of your previous experience with Search Engine Optimization (SEO), this simple tool will help your website generate more traffic and pull more clicks, by breaking down the optimization process into three simple steps: competitor and keyword identification, backlink research, and page auditing.
You’ll have unlimited access to 21 simple tools and tricks that will help you quickly boost your site’s ranking, and you’ll be able to run scans of every page of your site in order to find and fix spots that are hurting its performance.
SERPstash Premium also allows you to find who’s ranking for the same keywords so you know who to target, and you’ll be able to find the top 100 highest quality websites linking back to your website, along with who is linking to your competitors.
You’ll even be able to improve your site’s speed with simple tests and insights from Google, and a series of test protocols can determine whether or not your website is truly “mobile-friendly” or not, regardless of the mobile device on which it’s being viewed.
Boost your website to the top go Google’s famed search results with a lifetime subscription to SERPstash Premium for over 95 percent off its usual price at 
 for a limited time.
Gaming celebrity Benjamin “
” Lupo and his followers raised more than $611,000 for 
 during a 24-hour Fortnite livestream Saturday. The money goes to support the mission of 
.
For the full year, DrLupo has raised more than $1.3 million for the charity. The latest donations came in from 85 countries around the world.
“DrLupo, his fan base and the entire gaming community have truly embraced the St. Jude mission in a huge way,” said Richard Shadyac, CEO of ALSAC, the fundraising and awareness organization for St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital, in a statement. “To raise $1 million for the kids of St. Jude in just one year is an incredible milestone and makes him a leader among his gaming peers. By helping pioneer this innovative way of fundraising, he and his community are leading the charge for the future of fundraising by helping St. Jude continue to fight childhood cancer and other life-threatening diseases.”
Earlier this year, Lupo engaged his fans to give back during GuardianCon — a week-long, 24-hour-a-day gaming event that benefits the lifesaving mission of St. Jude. In total, Lupo is responsible for $659,000 of the total raised by GuardianCon, helping the event exceed its goal of $2.4 million. In addition, he launched the Build Against Cancer T-shirt campaign earlier this month in collaboration with Design by Humans, raising more than $140,000.
Because of supporters like DrLupo, families at St. Jude never receive a bill for treatment, travel, housing, or food.
“One of the best parts of being a streamer is seeing communities of people form, and working with those communities to help benefit others and leave a legacy of positivity,” Lupo said in a statement. “Having the opportunity to engage the gaming community in the mission of St. Jude has been life changing, and I’m so grateful to continue to be a part of this legacy to show the good that gaming will do to change people’s lives.”
Lupo has also taken part in St. Jude Play Live, a program that allows creators to stream video games while raising money for kids at St. Jude and has raised more than $10 million in the last four years.
All tech companies in the United States will face a near constant need for software developers over the next decade. The Bureau of Labor Statistics 
 in the industry by 2026, which is an even faster ascent than other tech-related career fields. But the traditional employment pipeline in Middle America — places like St. Louis, Fargo, and Milwaukee — isn’t producing nearly enough candidates for local organizations. Additionally, promising recent graduates are likely to be lured away to more vibrant tech hubs.
The deck is stacked against Heartland companies. In order to compete in the future, they’ll have to hire tech employees at the same rate as companies with bigger talent pipelines and more resources to recruit and train candidates.
The traditional infrastructure for employee recruitment doesn’t work for filling tech jobs.
Take St. Louis as a case study. Tech jobs employ more than 145,000 people in the region, and the sector 
 from 2012 to 2017 (all other industries had a 10-year growth rate of 1 percent). Over the past year, there were more than 17,000 tech job openings in St. Louis alone.
Despite this huge appetite for tech candidates, the region’s talent pipeline looks meager by comparison. Saint Louis University is one of the region’s largest four-year colleges, and according to the university’s Department of Computer Science, approximately 135 computer science majors are currently enrolled.
At St. Louis’ prestigious Washington University, 642 students are earning either a bachelor’s degree or second major in computer science — but only about 
 of all Washington University students stay in the St. Louis metro area after graduation.
As a result of this talent shortage, the problems we see in tech hiring become even more pronounced in the Heartland than they are in Silicon Valley. Tech is risk-averse in its hiring practices, as evidenced by the industry’s adoption of both deeply technical and time-consuming 
, as well as soft-skill 
 designed to find the ever-elusive “cultural fit.”
These lengthy hiring processes have created 
 for the IT industry in the United States and Canada — one of the longest of any industry — and the problem has become progressively worse. The average vacancy for a job in the industry has risen from a low of around 19 days in 2009 to 
.
In cities with more job candidates, a “hire slow, fire fast” approach won’t hurt a company much. But in cities with limited talent, you run the risk of seeing candidates lured away by a quicker offer if you don’t speed things up. If you need to hire hundreds of developers in a relatively short time, you can’t afford to string candidates along while you decide whether they’re perfect fits.
Again, these aren’t just problems with the tech hiring process in Middle America — companies in Silicon Valley are also far from efficient in their interview processes. But the lack of candidates produced by traditional talent pipelines in noncoastal cities means that companies here are disproportionately affected by these flaws. Unless you rethink your hiring strategy entirely, you risk falling behind your competition even more in the future.
It’s definitely possible to hire developers quickly and keep pace with companies in bigger tech markets. The first step is collaborating with local organizations facing the same problem.
First, are you looking for candidates in the right places? You probably won’t find many nontraditional candidates with a LinkedIn search, but you can discover them through word-of-mouth networks. 
 is one great example. This Chicago-based group runs a Slack channel to connect diverse tech communities, and it’s also available to local tech companies seeking a diverse applicant pool. Companies can post about job openings, share references, or spread the word about potential opportunities. Another is 
 — an Indianapolis-based networking group for LGBTQ tech professionals and allies.
Heartland companies can do the same kind of networking over Facebook groups, Slack channels, and similar social platforms or by attending or hosting networking events. By leveraging community connections and expanding your reach to nontraditional talent pools, you’ll offer more people a chance at success.
It seems alarmingly simple that the trick to hiring developers faster is to, well, hire developers faster — but this actually represents a fundamental shift that companies need to make. Rather than waiting for the perfect fit, you should be getting as many hardworking, motivated people through the door as possible and 
 training them to be perfect fits.
, we’re using apprenticeship tracks to help onboard potential employees for careers in tech. Targeted programs like these let job candidates forgo coding tests and long interviews — which might only be vaguely related to the work they’ll be doing — and rely instead on crucial on-the-job training.
Want to go a similar route? Develop an internal curriculum to help new recruits master the skills you’re looking for and have seasoned employees design and administer training and answer questions. You’ll get people in the door faster and build on the foundational skills they 
 have.
Coastal cities have a talent-pool advantage, but there’s a clear path forward for Heartland companies. By creating opportunities for new candidates and rethinking onboarding and training, you’ll make the most of the tech hiring rush.
Some early fans of Media Molecule’s Dreams will be getting access to the creation platform this week while a wider beta kicks off in January.
The first invites go out on December 18 to folks who signed up for Media Molecule’s newsletter (you had to sign up before December 7) while sign-ups for everyone else “will go live on January 4. Those who sign up will be invited to join the beta in waves during the week of January 8th and though we cannot guarantee space for everyone, we will try our best.”
While we’ve heard in the past that VR support 
 with the full launch of the PlayStation 4-based creation software, an 
 reiterates that VR support won’t be included in the beta at all.
“We’ll have more details about VR for Dreams closer to launch,” the FAQ explains.
.
A few months back 
 that it was developing a pair of six degree of freedom (6DOF) controllers to be used with the Lenovo Mirage Solo standalone VR headset. The device, which runs on Google’s Daydream platform, needs to be fitted with a new faceplate that allows for the controllers to be tracked without the need for external sensors. Today, we’ve finally seen those controllers in action for the first time.
Alex Coulombe of Agile Lens was one of the first to receive a development kit for the new controllers, which are being sent out to studios now. He’s been posting the first videos of the controllers in action on an insightful thread on Twitter, coming away with some key findings.
If you don't have the faceplate plugged in, everything is normal. As soon as you plug it in, the controllers just appear (sometimes at the wrong place for a moment). From there you can go about your business naturally like in any desktop 
 experience.
 
 
 
— Alex Coulombe (@iBrews) 
Overall, Coulombe seems very happy with the controllers, describing them as “really, really good.” The field of view (FOV) for tracking is apparently “surprisingly wide” and the tracking quality is “on par” with Microsoft’s PC-based Windows VR headsets, which also use inside-out tracking. Coulombe used the controllers across a number of apps, discovering that they imitate Daydream’s standard 3DOF remote in pre-existing apps.
There are some caveats; Coulombe says the dev kit is battery-intensive and that the controllers cause tracking upsets when obstructing each other.
Other than those issues, though, it looks like a promising start for Google’s 6DOF controllers. The company hasn’t yet announced any plans to make them available to consumers, though we’re hoping for that news in the near future. With Oculus Quest fast approaching, we’re looking forward to seeing increased competition in the standalone VR scene.
 — Self-driving car startup Zoox has become the first company to receive approval from California regulators to operate an autonomous ride service for public passengers, state regulators said on Friday.
The California Public Utilities Commission said Silicon Valley-based Zoox is the first company to join a state pilot program in which self-driving cars will transport members of the public, marking a step forward in the development of fully autonomous urban transportation options.
The ability to test cars with members of the public allows self-driving companies to refine their technology and begin to smooth out rides so they are more enjoyable for public consumption. Many autonomous cars drive slowly, making jerking movements and hesitating.
Many companies, including Zoox, have been testing their self-driving cars with employees and family members.
“This is a really, really significant milestone as we head towards commercial launch, which we have stated is toward the end of 2020,” said Bert Kaufman, head of corporate and regulatory affairs at Zoox.
However, the robot cars will not be unleashed without human oversight. Regulators are requiring that a backup test driver remain in the driver’s seat to take over if necessary. Zoox is also not allowed to charge passengers, keeping the prospect of a profitable business model elusive.
Zoox is one of 62 companies with a permit to test self-driving cars in California, according to the state Department of Motor Vehicles, although most operate in the shadow of 
, which began work on the technology a decade ago.
Waymo this month 
, where regulations are far more lax. Waymo is charging customers there, although it also keeps a backup driver in the front seat.
Waymo in October became 
 in the front seat, and the company has also submitted an application to the CPUC to transport passengers, like Zoox. A spokeswoman for the regulator said last month that Waymo’s application is under review.
Zoox has remained secretive about its progress until recently. This week, the company published its first safety assessment, providing details about its sensors, hardware, and testing.
The company was thrown into turmoil in August when CEO and co-founder Tim Kentley-Klay was abruptly fired by the board of directors. Carl Bass, who joined as interim director last year, has filled the role on an interim basis, as the search for a new CEO continues.
Valve is moving beyond evaluation prototypes of its Knuckles tracked handheld controllers and onto developer kits “with improvements to cap sense, trigger feel, and more.”
The new controllers have been in development for 
 from privately owned Valve, which is based in Bellevue, Washington. The engineers at Valve are the folks responsible for the key tracking technology used in the HTC Vive. They are also developing their own 
 and, with these controllers, could offer new ways of using your hands in a virtual space. The controllers strap to your hands and allow for realistic grasping and release sensations with capacitive sensors meant to track finger movements.
“While we have Knuckles DV kits available in quantity, we will be unable to fulfill all requests,” a post 
 explains. “The team will hold on to dev-kit requests and developer information for any future releases.”
Among the improvements listed by Valve with these latest controllers:
Cap Sense
Trigger
Strap
Firmware
Other
We’ll of course bring you the latest as developers start to share their impressions of these new controllers.
